[SPEAKER_02]: The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format
You're listening to Orange Man Radio Live.
This is not a talk radio.
It's so much more than that.
[SPEAKER_32]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_32]: Call me Daddy.
[SPEAKER_03]: Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
[SPEAKER_03]: Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
[SPEAKER_03]: Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
[SPEAKER_03]: Orange Lounge may contain plenty of... Just kidding.
[SPEAKER_07]: Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
[SPEAKER_26]: Well, isn't that special?
[SPEAKER_03]: We are live!
[SPEAKER_03]: And this is episode number 111!
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to do something that I haven't done in a while.
[SPEAKER_07]: You see this potato?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Look, I'm putting it on the webcam.
[SPEAKER_24]: I can't see the webcam, so I'm just going to hold it out here indefinitely.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_24]: Potato.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_24]: I am eating a potato.
[SPEAKER_07]: Do you want me to go walk over there and hold it in front of the camera?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, she ate it.
[SPEAKER_24]: Potato.
[SPEAKER_07]: You don't eat potatoes anymore.
[SPEAKER_24]: No.
[SPEAKER_24]: You were right.
[SPEAKER_24]: These are some pretty damn good country potatoes.
[SPEAKER_24]: Dude, I nearly got run off the road like three times, but one of them I didn't mind because it was really hot.
[SPEAKER_25]: No, seriously.
[SPEAKER_25]: This guy in this big, humongous truck.
[SPEAKER_24]: And he was just like, hot.
[SPEAKER_24]: And then I passed him.
[SPEAKER_24]: And then he passed me.
[SPEAKER_24]: And he had Alabama plates.
[SPEAKER_10]: Oh my.
[SPEAKER_24]: And on top of that, it was Houston County plates.
[SPEAKER_24]: I was born in Houston County.
[SPEAKER_24]: Those in Alabama...
[SPEAKER_08]: God, Dothan, Alabama is where our fucking movie gallery headquarters is.
[SPEAKER_08]: No shit.
[SPEAKER_08]: Talk about a hick town, that is.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's not a hick town.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, it's a hick town.
[SPEAKER_24]: Have you been there?
[SPEAKER_08]: Come see our Walmart!
[SPEAKER_08]: That's about it.
[SPEAKER_24]: No, you've never been there.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I'm sorry, they're famous for their peanut festival.
[SPEAKER_08]: My mistake.
[SPEAKER_08]: Moving on.
[SPEAKER_08]: Peanut festival's the fair.
[SPEAKER_07]: From our sweet southern belle, DarkSakura, to our sweet southern belle, Loki, our tech massa.
[SPEAKER_08]: I am not southern nor belle.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're more like a northern... I don't know, wind chime.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: A northern wind chime.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: Say hi to Loki, everybody.
[SPEAKER_24]: Hi, Loki!
[SPEAKER_07]: Also joining us tonight, nobody!
[SPEAKER_07]: Absolutely nobody.
[SPEAKER_25]: Oh my god, this is the most awesome thing in the world.
[SPEAKER_07]: What?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, random!
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: I will go hold it in front of the webcam if you want.
[SPEAKER_24]: This is the best movie in the world.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, not really, but it's really awesome.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's rad.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's one of the two movies I got for my birthday that I ordered.
[SPEAKER_08]: The first one being rad, the second one being Monster Squad, which hasn't gotten here yet.
[SPEAKER_25]: That's the movie that had... Wolfman getting kicked in the nuts.
[SPEAKER_25]: Yeah, that movie was awesome.
[SPEAKER_25]: It was like, whoa, Wolfman has nards.
[SPEAKER_25]: That movie was cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_25]: Anyway, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nobody else is here yet, although I hear we're supposed to have like five guests tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know where they're all at, but we'll just kind of wait and see what happens.
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're doing better things.
[SPEAKER_07]: So in the meantime, we'll just sit my new ignition pad up on the couch, and that can be the guest.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, Loki's actually going to wear the ignition pad box on his head.
[SPEAKER_25]: Yeah, I will wear the box.
[SPEAKER_25]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Get a kick out of that on the cam.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll be back after this break featuring some music from Desro.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to try and make it a whole Desro break if I can find enough music.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, that box is really smelly, so I can't wear that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Jamie wants Desro music.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll see if I can find it.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll be back.
[SPEAKER_21]: Music, Music,
Thank you for watching
[SPEAKER_21]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_07]: I couldn't find any other Desro, so I'm going to play this song that reminds me of Desro in a way, instead.
[SPEAKER_07]: I couldn't find Kobold, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know I have it somewhere, but I can't find it right now, so one more.
[SPEAKER_25]: I forgive you because I had Cheesecake.
[SPEAKER_07]: Orange Lounge Radio, Mamani Music, and more.
[SPEAKER_07]: We are back with Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 111.
[SPEAKER_24]: And we're down with the sickness.
[SPEAKER_07]: 1-1-1.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're number one.
[SPEAKER_07]: One.
[SPEAKER_24]: We're echoey today.
[SPEAKER_07]: We finally got some guests during the break.
[SPEAKER_24]: Hi, guests.
[SPEAKER_07]: And not Red Octane Man.
[SPEAKER_07]: Red Octane Man isn't here anymore.
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe Red Octane Man will make an appearance on the cam later.
[SPEAKER_07]: But we have the Orange Lounge Madam is here.
[SPEAKER_07]: She hasn't been here in a while.
[SPEAKER_07]: Say hello to the Orange Lounge Madam.
[SPEAKER_07]: Pixie Dust.
[SPEAKER_24]: I gotta go pee.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'll be right back.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, we have three mics now.
[SPEAKER_24]: The mic's bread.
[SPEAKER_07]: Our mics had a baby.
[SPEAKER_24]: They had a retarded baby.
[SPEAKER_07]: We adopted a microphone from DDR Angel.
[SPEAKER_07]: Say hello to Nostylan.
[SPEAKER_25]: Turn on the microphone.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_07]: Make the O face.
[SPEAKER_25]: Oh!
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: No silence here.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Pixie Dust brought me pineapple cake.
[SPEAKER_24]: Dude, those are so good.
[SPEAKER_07]: Huh?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, and I got diet soda.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I can eat cake and diet soda because that's such a great combination.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: First things first.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to start off the show by just saying this disclaimer.
[SPEAKER_07]: If you're tuning in to hear some hint or something for Ultramix 2 or Extreme or something...
[SPEAKER_07]: Not going to happen tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, guys.
[SPEAKER_07]: We don't have anybody special from KDAA here tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe next time.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, I'm fucking special, okay?
[SPEAKER_07]: But you should listen to us because we rock.
[SPEAKER_24]: You sure are special.
[SPEAKER_24]: You're special enough for the Olympics.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Listen to us because we're dorks and we make asses of ourselves on the radio for your benefit.
[SPEAKER_24]: Who's a dork?
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm a dork.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, you're a geek.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_24]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_24]: Get it right.
[SPEAKER_24]: This has been the week for geek stuff, I swear.
[SPEAKER_24]: All the good games come out.
[SPEAKER_07]: How so?
[SPEAKER_07]: Just Silent Hill 4.
[SPEAKER_07]: What else do you need?
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, well, you know, I went shopping and I picked up lots of good geek stuff that's going to give me hours of entertainment.
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess this should be a good segue into how was your week, how was your day?
[SPEAKER_07]: And we'll start it off by hearing from Dark Sakura.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Sakura, how was your week, how was your day?
[SPEAKER_24]: My week was pretty damn good.
[SPEAKER_24]: I did homework all week.
[SPEAKER_24]: I worked all week, but we finally started getting slow because all of the little kiddies who needed their student loans are now happily in class.
[SPEAKER_24]: Thank God!
[SPEAKER_24]: So, it's just been, you know, we get a little bit of pick up at work, but other than that, it's just nice and relaxed and we finally get a chance to get all of our crap done and
[SPEAKER_24]: of course lo and behold the moment we get a slow week I get like five escalated calls that I deal with all by myself because I don't really like to let anybody else handle my business and then I finally picked up my student loan money the saga is over
[SPEAKER_24]: It's just a whole bunch of crap because ARC is backwards as hell.
[SPEAKER_24]: So, uh, oh, that's beautiful, Rob.
[SPEAKER_24]: Rob is putting the ignition pad box on his head.
He is digging for ignition.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh my god, it's not mermaid head, it's moron head.
[SPEAKER_25]: Rob, you been on the sugar or something?
[SPEAKER_25]: Some caffeine?
[SPEAKER_25]: Have some Code Red?
[SPEAKER_08]: I should take a crap in that box.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, excuse me, I was trying to talk about my week.
[SPEAKER_24]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, I was having a Silent Hill moment and Ignition Pad Head came into our house.
[SPEAKER_24]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_24]: So, I unfortunately could not pick up Silent Hill 4 this week.
[SPEAKER_24]: I lament over this, but I got something very nice in compensation.
[SPEAKER_24]: Finally, finally, finally, Dimple over here in Sacramento got more of those Stargate box sets in.
[SPEAKER_24]: You know, nice and used, but the discs are all in good shape, so I picked up one of them.
[SPEAKER_24]: And, um...
[SPEAKER_08]: Their used product is usually pretty good because I turn in my new stuff and get money for stuff I got for free.
[SPEAKER_24]: Are you turning in box sets?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, for crap.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, such as these fine contenders on my table here.
[SPEAKER_08]: Touching Evil.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, it's more Annie crap.
[SPEAKER_24]: Touching Evil sounds kind of... Well, the stuff on Annie.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's like Annie crap.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, that's crap.
[SPEAKER_08]: But it's worth $10 to me.
[SPEAKER_24]: Hey, $10.
[SPEAKER_24]: If ever you get any stuff from the History Channel, then let me know.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_24]: I like a good documentary.
[SPEAKER_24]: That's because I'm a big nerd.
[SPEAKER_24]: I've also decided that I'm going to start doing my vocabulary word of the day because I want to increase my vocabulary again.
[SPEAKER_24]: So, I've been looking at dictionary.com a lot.
[SPEAKER_08]: Get one of those calendars.
[SPEAKER_24]: Don't go to Korea Don't go to Korea
[SPEAKER_24]: The other thing I've been doing this week is basically downloading like a mad fiend, getting ready to install my nice, lovely 250 gigabyte hard drive.
[SPEAKER_24]: Ooh, pretty.
[SPEAKER_07]: They rock so much.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have one, too.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're awesome.
[SPEAKER_24]: The only thing I don't like is that it's a Maxter, and I prefer Western Digital.
[SPEAKER_24]: Because, you know, my hard drive that died soon after I got my bio was a Maxter.
[SPEAKER_07]: Mine's a Western Digital.
[SPEAKER_24]: and uh but Dan's lasted for four years and his but his was a master his started messing up when he started doing that image screensaver because he has it on his main cabinet and he started pulling up different name images and it's just it recycled all those images and it keeps pulling from your hard drive so I guess I just wore it out it was spent weird um 250 gigabytes by the way will hold a hell of a lot of porn just so you know
[SPEAKER_24]: Thank you, Rob.
[SPEAKER_24]: I appreciate your informative attention to the content of the podcast.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anytime.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what I do on this show.
[SPEAKER_24]: I don't have porn.
[SPEAKER_06]: I give public service announcements.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's like 60 dual-layer DVDs of porn.
[SPEAKER_08]: 60 dual-layer?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't have porn either.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why would I save it when I can always re-access the website at a later date?
[SPEAKER_08]: Liar.
[SPEAKER_08]: I save it just in case if I need porn and the internet is down.
[SPEAKER_08]: In such an emergency case like that, I require porn to be on the hard drive at all times.
[SPEAKER_08]: Question.
[SPEAKER_24]: You're engaged.
[SPEAKER_24]: Why do you need porn?
[SPEAKER_06]: As you see, I do not live with my fiancé.
[SPEAKER_06]: Wait a minute.
[SPEAKER_06]: I can answer this.
[SPEAKER_06]: As his roommate and somebody that sees him interact with his fiancé regularly, it's because she is a porn fiend, too, and they watch it together.
[SPEAKER_07]: She is more into the porn than he is.
[SPEAKER_24]: Porn's funny.
[SPEAKER_07]: She came over here the other day and requested to watch the Paris Hilton tape.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm like... I've never seen that.
[SPEAKER_24]: How bad is it?
[SPEAKER_08]: Again?
[SPEAKER_08]: I've seen it like three times.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's not that interesting.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, back to my week.
[SPEAKER_06]: By the way, Janae, I just want to let you know the lighting makes you look naked on our cam according to the...
[SPEAKER_05]: Which is amazing considering she's wearing a pink shirt, yet she's black.
[SPEAKER_05]: She looks like fucking red on the camera.
[SPEAKER_05]: How does she look naked?
[SPEAKER_05]: It's just one giant nipple.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, that's because our chat room has issues.
[SPEAKER_08]: It doesn't even look naked.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, I'm turning from the chat room so that I can play with the chat room again.
[SPEAKER_05]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, sorry, I didn't know the camera was on.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anyway... Sorry, how was your week?
[SPEAKER_07]: How was your day, Jamie?
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm all pissed off because of the hurricane, because its path is going to go through Mobile.
[SPEAKER_05]: Is that that killer hurricane?
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, but by the time it hits in Alabama, it's going to be like maybe a type 2.
[SPEAKER_05]: I hope it doesn't hit where I'm going.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, first of all, you're going to freaking Pennsylvania, and I think the last time a hurricane hit Pennsylvania was never.
[SPEAKER_05]: But you're saying there's a chance.
[SPEAKER_24]: No, I'm not saying that there's a chance.
[SPEAKER_05]: What if a volcano erupts while I'm out there?
[SPEAKER_05]: Hey, you're not traveling to L.A.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, first of all, there are no volcanoes in Pennsylvania.
[SPEAKER_24]: Rob?
[SPEAKER_08]: There's no volcanoes in L.A.
[SPEAKER_08]: either.
[SPEAKER_24]: The worst you will ever see is a freak blizzard.
[SPEAKER_24]: And it's, what month is this?
[SPEAKER_24]: September.
[SPEAKER_24]: I don't think it snows in September in Pennsylvania.
[SPEAKER_05]: What if there's a tornado?
[SPEAKER_24]: I don't think you'd get tornadoes there either.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, Rob?
[SPEAKER_24]: Rob?
[SPEAKER_24]: The hardest thing that you have to worry about is drowning.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I don't know if you're going out over water, so I don't think you need to worry about it.
[SPEAKER_08]: What you gotta worry about is splash damage from any sort of attack on New York.
[SPEAKER_08]: Shut up.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because, I mean, New York is just a target for any, like, mutated monster, alien, space being, terrorist, natural disaster.
[SPEAKER_08]: New York is just a fucking magnet for that shit.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, you gotta worry about, like, you know, stuff going on.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sorry, Jamie.
[SPEAKER_05]: How was your week?
[SPEAKER_05]: How was your day?
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, well, it's still my turn, isn't it?
[SPEAKER_05]: I guess.
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, how special.
[SPEAKER_24]: So, I wanted to go see the new Resident Evil movie.
[SPEAKER_24]: Because I love Resident Evil.
[SPEAKER_07]: You and every teenage boy in the nation.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I love guns.
[SPEAKER_24]: I like firearms a whole lot.
[SPEAKER_24]: I like violence and I love seeing zombies explode.
[SPEAKER_06]: This movie's for you, then, because there's about nothing else in this movie besides that.
[SPEAKER_24]: I love violence.
[SPEAKER_24]: I really, really, really dig violence.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I dig good acting, too.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, then you need to go see a different movie for that.
[SPEAKER_24]: At least they've got people who at least can act their way out of a brown bag and not, you know... And then back into one.
[SPEAKER_24]: But instead, though, I went ahead and...
[SPEAKER_24]: I went to hang out with Iguana Girl yesterday and we watched The Ring, which I love that movie so much.
[SPEAKER_24]: So I'm going to get on this big Ringu marathon.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm going to watch Ring.
[SPEAKER_24]: I actually watched Ring last night.
[SPEAKER_24]: I need to watch Ju-on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki got a copy of Ju-on, which is going to be The Grudge in a couple months here in America.
[SPEAKER_24]: I want to...
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess Ju-on is coming to DVD, which makes sense.
[SPEAKER_07]: Whenever they remake movies, the original always comes out to DVD.
[SPEAKER_24]: But I have The Eye at home and I want to watch that too.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm just really looking forward to some good movies coming out.
[SPEAKER_24]: I need something random and violent.
[SPEAKER_24]: But hanging out last night, I was all happy.
[SPEAKER_24]: You know, we went out and got chocolate and ate junk food.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I went to the gym yesterday.
[SPEAKER_24]: Was it a slumber party?
[SPEAKER_06]: No, it wasn't.
[SPEAKER_24]: Did you get ice cream and talk about boys?
[SPEAKER_24]: We got ice cream and we did talk about boys.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, it was a slumber party.
[SPEAKER_24]: It was a slumber party because I went home.
[SPEAKER_24]: We did not play Mystery Day or Secret Shopper or whatever the hell it was.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was a slumber party because if I had went...
[SPEAKER_24]: No twister, we just watched movies.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was a slumber party because if I had win, I would have fallen asleep.
[SPEAKER_24]: You bitch.
[SPEAKER_24]: But earlier than that though, I went to the gym.
[SPEAKER_24]: I am in so much pain today because my trainer decided that my arms need extra attention because I'm not losing size in my arms.
[SPEAKER_24]: So I'm going to end up looking like Terminator Lady in two months and that's going to be cool.
[SPEAKER_24]: People will be afraid of me and I'll like it.
[SPEAKER_24]: Is the cameras up there?
[SPEAKER_24]: See the blue light?
[SPEAKER_24]: See the black light?
[SPEAKER_24]: Good!
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, we here at Orange Lodge Radio use an iToy as our webcam, because we are that ghetto-rific.
[SPEAKER_24]: Dude, the iToy is a much better webcam than the kind of crap I have at home.
[SPEAKER_24]: I can't even find my webcam turned up missing.
[SPEAKER_07]: As Loki said, it's a better webcam than it is a game.
[SPEAKER_24]: But the rest of it's been me on the hunt for something that isn't crap to listen to.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, you can stop fondling the fake boobs on the webcam, because that's just stupid.
[SPEAKER_24]: You have real boobs to fondle.
[SPEAKER_24]: Exactly, thank you.
[SPEAKER_24]: Pay attention to your woman.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, I'm done because people keep interrupting me.
[SPEAKER_24]: I forgot what I was talking about anyway.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm leaving in November.
[SPEAKER_10]: Permanently?
[SPEAKER_24]: No.
[SPEAKER_07]: Where are you going?
[SPEAKER_24]: Don't get rid of me that easy.
[SPEAKER_07]: You had me scared for a minute the way you said it.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm going home to see my family.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, well, that's good.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm going to eat lots of food because it's Thanksgiving.
[SPEAKER_07]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I'm going to be such a lazy bitch the whole weekend.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm going to go see my daddy.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I'm going to go up to Ozark.
[SPEAKER_24]: You know you're in Alabama when there's a town called Ozark.
[SPEAKER_07]: Are you going to play any DDR at all?
[SPEAKER_24]: Yes, I will.
[SPEAKER_24]: I will go to the cyber station and I will play DDR and leave lots of Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Right on.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to try and do that on my trip.
[SPEAKER_24]: I will wore us out.
[SPEAKER_24]: And if anybody's in the area wants to meet up and hang out, Thanksgiving is off, but the day after is cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, cool.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm done.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, moving on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Pixie Dust.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Orange Lounge Radio Madame.
[SPEAKER_07]: How was your week?
[SPEAKER_07]: How was your day, honey?
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, it's hot in here.
[SPEAKER_07]: So take off all your clothes.
[SPEAKER_24]: No, because everybody on the webcam thinks I'm naked anyway, so what's the point?
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, my week kind of sucked.
[SPEAKER_24]: I got put on light duty for a case of tendinitis in my right arm.
[SPEAKER_24]: So I had to spend Labor Day at the hospital and then was off for three days from work.
[SPEAKER_24]: and then got to the physical therapy which all they did was put me on ibuprofen and Vicodin.
[SPEAKER_24]: So basically I've been sleeping.
[SPEAKER_24]: I love Vicodin.
[SPEAKER_24]: You know, I can only take half of Vicodin.
[SPEAKER_24]: Really?
[SPEAKER_24]: I lived on Vicodin when I had my wisdom teeth out for a month and my resistance to Vicodin was so high by the end of the time.
[SPEAKER_08]: Real quick, personal reminder.
[SPEAKER_08]: DO NOT PM BIMANIKADE!
[SPEAKER_08]: WE WILL NOT RESPOND TO YOU!
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm not on as Bimanikade, I'm on as DarkSakura, but don't send me any private messages!
[SPEAKER_07]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki, you need a lesson in holding the microphone at a good distance away from your mouth.
[SPEAKER_24]: Other than that, the week was pretty good.
[SPEAKER_24]: Went to work, spent time with Victor when he came up, and... Yeah, yesterday, what did we do yesterday?
[SPEAKER_24]: It's probably mine.
[SPEAKER_24]: Joy and Rapture Joy and Rapture, Angel, Dark Child, and Amita are...
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, I know Anita is coming and she's bringing something with her.
[SPEAKER_24]: I know what it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know too.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll see in a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's bleeding sores.
[SPEAKER_24]: That's what she's bringing.
[SPEAKER_07]: She's bringing her herpes to share with everybody.
[SPEAKER_24]: Everybody's bringing their herpes today except for Jamie.
[SPEAKER_07]: So excited.
[SPEAKER_24]: So, it's been pretty... What about herpes?
[SPEAKER_24]: Everybody's bringing their herpes except for Jamie.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, I went to the doctor.
[SPEAKER_22]: Other than that, we've been pretty boring.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_28]: I cannot believe how freaking quiet you are in person when online you are the most annoying fucker I've ever seen.
[SPEAKER_28]: I have not been alive since my woman...
[SPEAKER_07]: I know!
[SPEAKER_27]: Isn't that amazing?
[SPEAKER_07]: The DR community has Pixie Dust to thank for getting Nostyle inlaid.
[SPEAKER_27]: I'll be back, don't worry.
[SPEAKER_22]: Guess what?
[SPEAKER_22]: I learned a trick from Jason just recently, yesterday.
[SPEAKER_22]: That's where we went, we went to Jason's house last night.
[SPEAKER_22]: You want me to show you my trick?
[SPEAKER_22]: Yeah, what's your trick?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's from Cops.
[SPEAKER_22]: I'm going to show you it.
[SPEAKER_07]: A trick from Cops?
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Pixie Dust is getting up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, she's lifting her shirt.
[SPEAKER_07]: She's showing off her belly button going, what's up?
[SPEAKER_28]: You know that's on the cam right now.
[SPEAKER_28]: My woman only gets naked for me.
[SPEAKER_24]: I have to give props to the chat room, though, for making a reference to Ice Pirates, because that movie's awesome.
[SPEAKER_24]: Space herpes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anything else you want to share about your weekend?
[SPEAKER_28]: Yeah, I go back.
[SPEAKER_28]: I work tomorrow morning around 7 a.m., and that's it.
[SPEAKER_28]: Back to the Bay Area.
[SPEAKER_28]: Back to my boring old life in the Bay Area.
[SPEAKER_28]: Oh, wow.
[SPEAKER_24]: We got a kid, too.
[SPEAKER_24]: We got our first kid.
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh, what's that?
[SPEAKER_24]: We got an aqua pet.
[SPEAKER_24]: She sings and she dances and she's lovely.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's not a she.
[SPEAKER_22]: It's a she.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's a kid.
[SPEAKER_22]: No, it isn't.
[SPEAKER_22]: It's a she.
[SPEAKER_22]: It's a tree.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're trying to fix our webcam, by the way.
[SPEAKER_07]: We see it's really dark, so we're working on that right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: At Orangelandradio.com is where the cam's at.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's the shape of a penis.
[SPEAKER_24]: The aqua pet, the actual thing, is like the shape of a penis and twig and berries, basically.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_24]: and the little pet on the inside is attached by strings and whatnot and it does a little song and dance and it's so cute.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's the happy penis of love.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's the happy penis tree sprite.
[SPEAKER_25]: Happy penis tree sprite.
[SPEAKER_24]: And Angel will be bringing her happy penis with her today.
[SPEAKER_07]: Moving on.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, I didn't need to hear that.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm going to go hide in the chair.
[SPEAKER_07]: Since Loki's busy over there, I'll talk about my week and my day.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: My week was okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: It wasn't hugely exciting.
[SPEAKER_07]: I decided to go see a movie as well, but there was no way in hell I was going to see that Resident Evil garbage.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I decided to, as much as I like guns and violence, I decided to go see something artsy.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I went and saw Garden State, and it was very good.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Natalie Portman, very good in that movie.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know a lot of boys out there think she's really hot, and they'll love this movie.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh yeah, she's hot.
[SPEAKER_07]: She doesn't get naked, though.
[SPEAKER_07]: I hate to...
[SPEAKER_07]: Although she is in the pool in her undies.
[SPEAKER_07]: So maybe the boys will like that.
[SPEAKER_24]: She's very smart.
[SPEAKER_07]: She's very smart.
[SPEAKER_24]: She's very good in that movie.
[SPEAKER_24]: What school is she going to?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: But she's a good actress.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's all that matters.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we did that, and today I finally caved, and I don't know how many people know the story, but I inherited an ignition pad from my last relationship, because when they moved away, they left a bunch of stuff here, and I got to keep it, including third style, fourth style, and a new ignition pad.
[SPEAKER_24]: And it lived at my house for a while.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it lived at Jamie's house, but when I got it back, it didn't work anymore.
[SPEAKER_24]: I don't get it.
[SPEAKER_24]: It worked at my house.
[SPEAKER_24]: I bring it over here.
[SPEAKER_24]: and it didn't want to put out for you.
[SPEAKER_07]: The people at GameCrazy are actually really nice to me.
[SPEAKER_24]: The people at GameCrazy are awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I've been shopping at GameCrazy lately.
[SPEAKER_24]: That's where I got my nickname.
[SPEAKER_07]: What nickname is that?
[SPEAKER_24]: My nickname was Jamie the... What was it?
[SPEAKER_24]: The totally awesome and never nice.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm now totally awesome and never nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I got the ignition pad over at GameStop because I know they sell Red Octane products there.
[SPEAKER_07]: And as much as I hate whoring out Red Octane because...
[SPEAKER_07]: Their name is everywhere in the Bomani community.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like, if you have a Pulse and you play DDR, you can get sponsored by Red Octane.
[SPEAKER_24]: Red Octane.
[SPEAKER_07]: But they really do... This show is not sponsored by them, by the way.
[SPEAKER_24]: Because we don't whore ourselves out for anybody.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, exactly.
[SPEAKER_24]: Except Konami.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_24]: Except for me.
[SPEAKER_07]: But, I have to admit, the Ignition Pad 2.0 is very nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's the only thing I would play DDR at home on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I have yet to see anything better.
[SPEAKER_07]: Except the metal pads.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I'm kind of poor.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, Ignition Pads are expensive enough.
[SPEAKER_07]: I paid $99.99 for that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then when I checked it out at GameStop, the guy was like,
[SPEAKER_07]: Whoa.
[SPEAKER_07]: He was like Keanu Reeves, kind of.
[SPEAKER_07]: He was like, whoa.
[SPEAKER_24]: Which one did you go to?
[SPEAKER_07]: I've never seen anybody buy one of these before.
[SPEAKER_24]: Like, then why do you have them out on the floor?
[SPEAKER_24]: Where did you, which one did you go to?
[SPEAKER_07]: The Madison Mall.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_07]: He's like, I've never seen anyone buy one of these before.
[SPEAKER_24]: If you want to go to where all the cool people are, go to the one that my man manages.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, but I didn't want to drive all the way out there.
[SPEAKER_24]: Eh, it's worth it.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then he said, well, if you're a DDR fan, you want to reserve a copy of Extreme?
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm like, actually, we've already got that taken care of.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then he's like, I'm like, you know, I hear Alter Mix 2 is going to be really good.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, I'm trying to start chatting.
[SPEAKER_07]: He's like, if you want to reserve any game, man, we got it for you if you want to reserve anything.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then he's like, I still can't believe you're actually buying one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, the other one broke!
[SPEAKER_24]: Smoking weed in the back room kills.
[SPEAKER_24]: That's the difference between working for minimum wage...
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_24]: California minimum wage is higher than it is anywhere else.
[SPEAKER_24]: And, you know, I've done it.
[SPEAKER_24]: I've worked.
[SPEAKER_24]: But I still bought expensive stuff.
[SPEAKER_24]: I remember saving up for like a month to buy an imported Sailor Moon game back when I was into Sailor Moon ten years ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, the nice thing is that when I travel, which I'm going to be doing for work here for the next two weeks, I...
[SPEAKER_07]: Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a good game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Graphics are awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Storyline's really good.
[SPEAKER_07]: Music's great, too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Although I haven't heard a lot of the songs in the soundtrack.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've only picked out like three songs so far.
[SPEAKER_07]: But the way they use Room of Angels in the game, awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Awesome, awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, so Silent Hill 4, definitely get it if you like Silent Hill games or scary games.
[SPEAKER_07]: I actually, yesterday, I was sitting here and I was playing and I was in this one level and I got scared.
[SPEAKER_07]: I actually went, ah!
[SPEAKER_07]: Like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Loki looked at me and was just like, the hell is wrong with you?
[SPEAKER_24]: Secret says you're halfway through.
[SPEAKER_08]: He was just like, he's all, oh shit!
[SPEAKER_07]: I was like... Anyway, so, that scared the crap out of me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Those little two-headed baby things scared the shit out of me.
[SPEAKER_24]: I wanted to see the wheelchairs.
[SPEAKER_07]: Was that cool?
[SPEAKER_07]: Monsters that burp?
[SPEAKER_07]: I haven't played anything really gross.
[SPEAKER_07]: What's the scene that has a humongous head?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, it's the best thing ever.
[SPEAKER_07]: Have you gotten to that scene yet?
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I want to know what scene that's from.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh, it's kind of a spoiler.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, we'll never know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can't tell if it's... I can't remember if it was... I think it was Eileen in your icon.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can't remember if it was Cynthia or Eileen.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm pretty sure it was Eileen, though.
[SPEAKER_07]: But see, that was Cynthia, but... And she was all beaten up.
[SPEAKER_07]: It makes sense for Eileen, but Eileen kind of has a red dress on at one point, so... Okay, I really need to sit down and play this.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sigurd would know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Show Sigurd the icon.
[SPEAKER_07]: He would know.
[SPEAKER_24]: He knows which one, because he was the one who gave me the advice on my text on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, Burping Monsters rocked everything.
[SPEAKER_24]: Burping Monsters are cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: What?
[SPEAKER_24]: Are they the ones... What about the ones who come out of the ceiling?
[SPEAKER_07]: All of the zombies kind of come out of the walls.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're scary.
[SPEAKER_24]: They look like... Do they actually go into the room?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't want to spoil anything.
[SPEAKER_22]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_22]: Anyway, moving on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just play it.
[SPEAKER_07]: You'll be glad you played it.
[SPEAKER_07]: What else?
[SPEAKER_07]: So, Ignition Pad, hello, back to Ignition Pad.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've actually been playing non-stop for like two and a half hours today.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've been playing DDR Ultramix online.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I actually didn't think anyone played this game anymore, but I've been playing in matches non-stop all day.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I've just been having a blast, honestly.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've been meeting some funny people on there.
[SPEAKER_07]: The only thing that pissed me off is that the extension cable for my communicator that came with the Ignition Pad doesn't work.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm not able to talk to people while I play.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can only talk before and after matches.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I've been having tons of fun, and I am all revved up for Ultramix 2, honestly.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm glad I bought the dance pad now because when I get back, Extreme will be out and then I can play, you know, Extreme just fine with the eye toy mode and stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry, Nostylin, what?
[SPEAKER_07]: Nostylin says you can hear heavy breathing while playing DDR.
[SPEAKER_07]: Actually, it's not that bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: Most people have the courtesy to move their microphone when they're playing, but the ones that annoy me are like when you're playing Colors and then like you hear some little kid going...
[SPEAKER_07]: Blue, the color of blue And then it's all off sync, too.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's horrible.
[SPEAKER_07]: It totally throws me off, too, when the little kids sing along to the song.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I was playing against a 35-year-old mom today, and she rocked.
[SPEAKER_07]: She rocked everything, so that was fun.
[SPEAKER_22]: Moms rock.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, moms are cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, I'm not going to be here next week because I'm actually leaving for two weeks.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to Pennsylvania.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm more open this time about talking about where I'm going.
[SPEAKER_24]: You have to go to the museum.
[SPEAKER_07]: What museum?
[SPEAKER_24]: The one on the top of the Rocky Steps.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I'm not going to be in Philadelphia that much.
[SPEAKER_07]: I only go there for the airport.
[SPEAKER_07]: The place I'm at is like an hour north.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I am going to be very close to New Jersey.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I actually went on DDR Freak of all places.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I went on a thread there that talks about that area.
[SPEAKER_07]: And they told me to check out an arcade right on the state line of Jersey.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's in some mall.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm going to check that out while I'm there.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm going to try.
[SPEAKER_22]: Take pictures.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to try and go to 8 on the Break in Jersey because they have In the Groove and I'm really curious about it.
[SPEAKER_24]: Take your cam and take us lots of pictures.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I've been kind of been a little skeptical about it but I feel like I can't really comment until I've played it.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm going to play it then I will come home and bash on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_07]: But we'll see how it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm really curious about that one.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I will definitely probably make an appearance at 8 on the Break next weekend.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what I'm aiming for.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we'll see.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not that anybody cares.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it really depends on what my lesbian friend from college wants to do.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because she's going to be out there visiting me.
[SPEAKER_07]: And she's the bomb.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I don't know how into DDR she is.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've decided after today, after playing so much DDR, I want to go on the DDR diet.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to be just like Tanya.
[SPEAKER_07]: Seriously, I'm going to take a picture of my fat little gut here.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that will be my before picture.
[SPEAKER_24]: Look, he's doing my trick.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I'm doing Janae's trick.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ew.
[SPEAKER_07]: and then I'm going to play Ultramix 2 for like an hour every day and then I'm going to have a six pack and I'll be just like Tanya.
[SPEAKER_07]: It'll rock.
[SPEAKER_07]: Except Tanya doesn't have a six pack, but you know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Close enough.
[SPEAKER_24]: But then Janae will bring the pineapple cake over and spoil it for you.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know.
[SPEAKER_24]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_24]: and gained it all back.
[SPEAKER_24]: But anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: But see, I haven't really been into DDR for a long time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, I mean, I hate to admit that when I've been doing this show for like, you know, two and a half years.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I blame that completely on lack of new arcade mixes.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's honestly what it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, the home mixes have been great, but the problem is that, you know, my dance pad's been broken for a long time, so I haven't really had an urge to play at home.
[SPEAKER_07]: The arcades in my area suck, so even if I want to go play a mix that's two years old now, you know, I wouldn't...
[SPEAKER_07]: DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_07]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_07]: What was this about?
[SPEAKER_07]: Tell us again.
[SPEAKER_07]: Melody, Shark's Girl, mentioned it last week, but what's this all about now?
[SPEAKER_07]: Give us more info.
[SPEAKER_24]: Someone sent a message on to DDR Freak wanting to do an interview thing for Lifetime Magazine about fitness in DDR.
[SPEAKER_24]: And so she was referred to me and I did a little thing and she said, do you have any friends who were using DDR for fitness?
[SPEAKER_24]: And off the top of my head I remembered Melody because she's got the solo machine and plays the leg weights and everything.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I also talked about Orange Lounge.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh my god, we might be in Lifetime Magazine.
[SPEAKER_07]: That would rock so hard.
[SPEAKER_25]: We'd have a bunch of 40 year old women listening to us.
[SPEAKER_25]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: F you, because I was watching Lifetime last night.
[SPEAKER_07]: Golden Girls reruns, thank you very much.
[SPEAKER_25]: Dude, Golden Girls reruns, that's awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Golden Girls is the best show in the 80s.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to be in Lifetime magazine.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, I mentioned us.
[SPEAKER_24]: That's alright.
[SPEAKER_24]: You want to be Blanche on Golden Girls too, what's your point?
[SPEAKER_07]: Shut up.
[SPEAKER_24]: You know, if I were a Golden Girl, I'd probably end up being Sophia.
[SPEAKER_24]: The bitter...
[SPEAKER_07]: I am so Bea Arthur.
[SPEAKER_07]: I am so Dorothy.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm the bitch.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's what it boils down to.
[SPEAKER_24]: Then who would be rude?
[SPEAKER_24]: This is a sad time.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's a sad time when we start comparing ourselves to the Golden Grove.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, yeah.
[SPEAKER_24]: We need to sit around the kitchen table and eat cheesecake.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think now would be a very good time to go to a break before we... Didn't we skip Loki's week?
[SPEAKER_07]: Did we?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, yes we did.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: He was over playing with the camera earlier.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who wants to hear about his week anyway?
[SPEAKER_08]: Just kidding.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: How was your week?
[SPEAKER_07]: How was your day?
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry about that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, nothing important happened at all.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, it's nothing at all boring.
[SPEAKER_24]: Happy birthday to you.
[SPEAKER_24]: Don't feel bad.
[SPEAKER_24]: I had a disaster on my birthday, too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wait, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: I actually would like to have a moment of silence for September 11, 2001, when Loki turned 21.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, don't feel bad because the whole Waco thing was on my birthday.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, but those are just crazy people in Texas.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thousands of people died in my birthday.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's cool.
[SPEAKER_05]: How is that cool?
[SPEAKER_05]: Not cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's like a sacrifice for Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: You're just pissed off that no one died in your birthday.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm so glad we could have someone controversial on this program.
[SPEAKER_24]: Lots of people died on everybody's birthday.
[SPEAKER_24]: People die.
[SPEAKER_24]: It happens on a daily, every day.
[SPEAKER_24]: Hundreds of thousands of people die.
[SPEAKER_22]: When you celebrate your birthday, eat some damn cake.
[SPEAKER_08]: I didn't eat cake.
[SPEAKER_08]: I had ice cream.
[SPEAKER_22]: I'll give you some damn cake.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't want cake.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anywho, no, um, so, it's just, uh, yeah, I didn't do much.
[SPEAKER_08]: I got
[SPEAKER_08]: What did I get for my birthday?
[SPEAKER_08]: I got bedding for my birthday.
[SPEAKER_08]: I got pillows, new sheets, and a shaver.
[SPEAKER_24]: No one bought you socks?
[SPEAKER_08]: No, that was Christmas.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'll get into later what happened more that day, but things didn't happen that I wanted to happen.
[SPEAKER_08]: Actually, I'll just say it now.
[SPEAKER_08]: I didn't get to go to Benihana's because they're assholes, but I'll talk about that later.
[SPEAKER_24]: Isn't this coming up in the FU's?
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm sure it will be.
[SPEAKER_08]: I wanted my goddamn teriyaki steak and shrimp instead of I was forced to have Olive Garden, but that's okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_08]: I didn't really have much to say.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alrighty then, I think we'll go to a break now.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then we'll come back and we'll talk about some DDR stuff and have our cage match and FUs and all that fun stuff we usually do.
[SPEAKER_07]: And hopefully Anita and them will get here soon because I want to see what that's all about.
[SPEAKER_07]: I haven't talked to Dark Child in a long time either, so.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, because his milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, in this break, in this break, you get Korean music.
[SPEAKER_24]: Woohoo!
[SPEAKER_24]: You better play Faith.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's actually going to kick it off.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll be back.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen S, Actdeft,
Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_21]: Thanks for watching!
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_19]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_19]: Darian, Darian, Darian, Darian
S, Actdeft, S, Actdeft
[SPEAKER_19]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_21]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_04]: Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio Because real radio makes Captain Jack cry
[SPEAKER_07]: Lizenka, Save Us
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, Sigurd, I'm in the Send It To DarkSakura SSF.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm in there right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_24]: Dude, SCTV.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, we had some folks join us during the break, so I thought we'd go ahead and let them have a second chance.
[SPEAKER_07]: How was your week?
[SPEAKER_07]: How was your day?
[SPEAKER_07]: So you can get to know them a little better.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we'll start off with DDRcaholic.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, my gosh.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm not ready for this.
[SPEAKER_24]: Hi, everybody.
[SPEAKER_22]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_24]: My week.
[SPEAKER_24]: My week is not very eventful usually.
[SPEAKER_24]: I do a lot of working.
[SPEAKER_24]: So, got that done.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yesterday... Oh no.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Child is showing you funny things on the camera now.
[SPEAKER_24]: At least he's trying.
[SPEAKER_24]: What did we do yesterday?
[SPEAKER_24]: We had a little impromptu get-together last night.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, a bunch of us were over at my place.
[SPEAKER_07]: I wanted to come, but I was on my period, so I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_26]: I was too, so... Suck it up and get the tampons.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, seriously, though.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's our apartment, mine and Jason's.
[SPEAKER_24]: Excuse me.
[SPEAKER_24]: And we watched one episode, episode two of Beautiful Life.
[SPEAKER_24]: And we just had lots of salmon noodles and snacks and stuff.
[SPEAKER_24]: Lots of fun.
[SPEAKER_24]: Crab, kimchi, crab.
[SPEAKER_24]: I can talk.
[SPEAKER_24]: Cream cheese wontons, yes.
[SPEAKER_24]: And that was really the highlight of my week so far until I got here today.
[SPEAKER_07]: Right on.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Now, I understand that you have a special presentation.
[SPEAKER_07]: You want to do it next after we finish off?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, let's finish off.
[SPEAKER_22]: Yeah, okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's finish this off, and then we'll get into a special presentation.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, finish it off.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Angel.
[SPEAKER_24]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_07]: How was your week?
[SPEAKER_07]: How was your day?
[SPEAKER_24]: Basically just school and working, and oh, we signed up for High Speed finally.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's about time.
[SPEAKER_24]: Hey, like it was my fault.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, so we should get it like tomorrow or Tuesday, so I'm like really stoked about that.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm like, finally, after two months, I can actually be back on High Speed.
[SPEAKER_24]: which means I can play Ragnarok with Jamie and probably Final Fantasy XI with you too.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_24]: Uh-oh.
[SPEAKER_24]: I feel an A word coming on.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, great.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_24]: I also got the PlayStation Xbox converter thing so I can use my ignition to play... Look what I bought today.
[SPEAKER_24]: I know!
[SPEAKER_24]: I just saw that and I'm like, oh, that reminded me.
[SPEAKER_24]: Janae, what are you doing with the camera?
[SPEAKER_07]: I think this calls for another appearance of Ignition Pad Man.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, no, it's Ignition Pad Woman.
[SPEAKER_07]: Your newest Silent Hill character, Ignition Pad Headman.
[SPEAKER_24]: Alright, so yeah, I can play Ultramix now with a pad.
[SPEAKER_24]: And what the hell is Janine doing?
[SPEAKER_07]: She's Ignition Pad Woman.
[SPEAKER_24]: Roar!
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, it smells like plastic in there.
[SPEAKER_07]: You should have seen the Ignition Pad when we unwrapped it.
[SPEAKER_07]: It had that new pad smell.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh my god, it's Ignition Totoro!
[SPEAKER_24]: Wait a minute.
[SPEAKER_24]: Alright, I'll shut up.
[SPEAKER_24]: Who's next?
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Child's next.
[SPEAKER_15]: My week was uneventful.
[SPEAKER_15]: I have a back injury.
[SPEAKER_15]: I don't get to do much.
[SPEAKER_15]: Monday I saw my chiropractor.
[SPEAKER_15]: Wednesday I saw my chiropractor.
[SPEAKER_15]: Friday I saw my chiropractor.
[SPEAKER_15]: That's about all I do now is I see my chiropractor.
[SPEAKER_15]: It's very boring.
[SPEAKER_24]: Very, very boring.
[SPEAKER_24]: Wow, my week is exciting.
[SPEAKER_24]: So exciting.
[SPEAKER_24]: You forgot one thing, though.
[SPEAKER_15]: What?
[SPEAKER_24]: Your trick that you taught me.
[SPEAKER_15]: Which trick?
[SPEAKER_24]: Maybe it's like the whole Japanese expression to split your gut.
[SPEAKER_15]: Maybe.
[SPEAKER_15]: Maybe it's like that.
[SPEAKER_15]: I don't think the idiots would have caught on with the Japanese expression.
[SPEAKER_15]: These are the ghetto people.
[SPEAKER_24]: That's like, show your gut.
[SPEAKER_15]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm very boring now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, now that we've caught up everybody on how was their week, how was their day, let's have Anita.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anita wants to do a special presentation.
[SPEAKER_07]: DD Archaholic has a special presentation.
[SPEAKER_07]: Tell us about your special presentation.
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, this is all about yesterday.
[SPEAKER_24]: Everyone knows about what special day yesterday was, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, do this on the cam, please.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yesterday was 9-11 day.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm glad the mic didn't pick that up.
[SPEAKER_24]: and I have prepared a gift basket for the birthday boy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, birthday boy, you'll get your gift basket.
[SPEAKER_24]: Here's our gift basket.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, do it in front of the webcam, please, and hold up each item so our chatters can see.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, here we go.
[SPEAKER_24]: All right, here's a little... All right, in this gift basket, we have a collection of Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen items, starting with a Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen DVD.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's called...
[SPEAKER_24]: Greatest Parties.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's one of their younger DVDs where they're probably only about 12 years old, I think.
[SPEAKER_24]: And also there's a graphic novel that somewhat resembles the adult reading that you might find.
[SPEAKER_24]: There is a little porn here.
[SPEAKER_24]: We have a calendar and in this calendar, for the month of September, you may find a little surprise.
[SPEAKER_24]: Something that may not be viewable on the webcam.
[SPEAKER_24]: But we have Mary Kate and Ashley.
[SPEAKER_24]: Ashley finally got naked for the camera.
[SPEAKER_24]: Finally.
[SPEAKER_24]: Especially for Matt for September.
[SPEAKER_24]: They got very naked.
[SPEAKER_24]: And also, actually, they got a little frisky in October.
[SPEAKER_26]: So, October, the Halloween month, some more surprises for you.
[SPEAKER_26]: Also in the gift basket, we have a small bottle of KY Jelly.
[SPEAKER_24]: that is for any intimate moments that you may need and a tube sock to accompany those intimate moments.
[SPEAKER_24]: We also have a bag of candy so that you can lure any other young individuals that you may want to accompany you and a small bottle of Jack Daniels that will also help relax the children.
[SPEAKER_08]: In a Michael Jackson sort of way.
[SPEAKER_08]: You forgot to put the label Jesus Juice on there.
[SPEAKER_24]: and a small package of brush-ups, Oral-B brush-ups for brushing yourself off or the kids when they're finished.
[SPEAKER_07]: That is the most awesome birthday gift I've ever seen.
[SPEAKER_07]: Molester in a box.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's the best.
[SPEAKER_24]: It was from the pedophile section at Walmart.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was fucking hilarious.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was great.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_15]: You know, I think those super-Christians at Walmart would be pissed off if they saw what you actually did with their products.
[SPEAKER_26]: So happy birthday, Matt.
[SPEAKER_26]: Oh, they're very happy.
[SPEAKER_24]: This week and Naked Mary-Kate and Ashley this week.
[SPEAKER_24]: That's great.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you, guys.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm actually going to open up the Skype line for birthday wishes or if you want to respond to anything we've talked about in the show so far as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: So Skype line is open.
[SPEAKER_07]: For more information, www.OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
[SPEAKER_07]: Click on that little button that says Interact With Us.
[SPEAKER_07]: And you can reach out and touch someone right here in the studio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hope you guys enjoyed that on our webcam over at www.orangeloungeradio.com You know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_24]: We haven't heard from someone in a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who?
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, let's take a call.
[SPEAKER_07]: We got a call coming in.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Can't hear you, buddy.
[SPEAKER_05]: Talk loud into the mic.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hey, what's up?
[SPEAKER_13]: It's me, the legend of Zaku.
[SPEAKER_05]: What's up, Zaku?
[SPEAKER_13]: Yes, this is kind of like directed to Loki, because I lived through the hell of September 11th.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hold on, he's laughing at the porno calendar.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hold on a minute.
[SPEAKER_07]: Zaku has something he wants to say to you, Loki.
[SPEAKER_13]: Alright, Loki.
[SPEAKER_13]: Since you basically, you know, I don't know, for some reason, I kind of like feel almost offended, but not all the way.
[SPEAKER_13]: For the fact of the matter...
[SPEAKER_13]: I am an actual New Yorker.
[SPEAKER_13]: I've lived for 11.
[SPEAKER_13]: My school was evacuated on that day.
[SPEAKER_13]: I managed to get a glimpse of the towers while they were crumbling.
[SPEAKER_13]: So, in other words, just be respectful, sensitive, all that.
[SPEAKER_13]: Celebrate your birthday, but keep in mind of what happened.
[SPEAKER_13]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_08]: So you were only halfway offended?
[SPEAKER_13]: Halfway?
[SPEAKER_13]: Not like, what, 25%?
[SPEAKER_08]: You're not trying hard enough!
[SPEAKER_13]: Oh, please.
[SPEAKER_08]: As you live through...
[SPEAKER_07]: We are equal opportunity offenders here on the radio, and the way that some of us deal with crisis, like I'm the type of person that laughs at a funeral, and I would hope that people bring a stand-up comic to my funeral, because I want people to laugh when they remember me.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, you know, obviously it was a tragic day, but sometimes the best way to work through something is to make fun of it.
[SPEAKER_13]: I'm not totally offended.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll work on that.
[SPEAKER_13]: Just a little pointer.
[SPEAKER_13]: Just be a little sensitive, that's all.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll work on the totally offensive thing for a later date.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anything else you want to share with us, Zaku?
[SPEAKER_13]: Can you at least bash Bin Laden or something?
[SPEAKER_13]: Do some bashing against those people.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, that's so used, though.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's so trendy.
[SPEAKER_15]: Everybody bashes Bin Laden.
[SPEAKER_15]: I'll bash Bin Laden.
[SPEAKER_15]: Goddamn Bush family, forgive Bin Laden, my friend.
[SPEAKER_15]: President Bush should be killed and his entire family.
[SPEAKER_15]: If it wasn't for them, Osama wouldn't live.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you, Dark Child.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Was that acceptable?
[SPEAKER_13]: Actually, you could... Whatever.
[SPEAKER_13]: I know.
[SPEAKER_13]: I'll let it go.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to let you go, bud.
[SPEAKER_13]: We're going to let you go, bud.
[SPEAKER_07]: Have a good one.
[SPEAKER_24]: I know what we're going to do when Loki kicks the bucket.
[SPEAKER_07]: What's that?
[SPEAKER_24]: We're going to stuff a mountain somewhere.
[SPEAKER_24]: Stuff?
[SPEAKER_24]: We're going to take him to a taxidermist and put him in one of those poses.
[SPEAKER_24]: Or put him up with some laminated bacon or something.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki is the type of person that when he dies, he's going to want to be buried face down so the whole world can kiss his ass.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, I know where that came from.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, no, no, no, no.
[SPEAKER_08]: I would have to be ground up and thrown into some sort of fast food.
[SPEAKER_24]: Or just recycling.
[SPEAKER_08]: Or my ashes could, like, I don't know, be used in a charcoal, you know, grill or something.
[SPEAKER_25]: Wasn't that in an episode of Married with Children?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, it was.
[SPEAKER_07]: Skypline's still up on everybody.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, and we're getting a call.
[SPEAKER_07]: Howdy, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, this is Dark Knight.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, Dark Knight, what's on your mind?
[SPEAKER_24]: Hi, Dark Knight.
[SPEAKER_11]: Just something for Loki about his B-Day.
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: Dude.
[SPEAKER_11]: The calendar.
[SPEAKER_07]: The calendar was awesome, wasn't it?
[SPEAKER_11]: That was just totally wrong.
[SPEAKER_07]: DDArcoholic actually gets the credit for the calendar.
[SPEAKER_07]: She spent her hours photoshopping that and making it, or however she did it, with scissors and tape.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: She did a good job, but dude, step away from the calendar.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's all I got to say.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're all going to hell.
[SPEAKER_07]: What can we say?
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll see you there, bud.
[SPEAKER_24]: Welcome to the handbasket.
[SPEAKER_08]: Soon enough, we won't have to photoshop that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Soon enough.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a matter... It will be within my last time.
[SPEAKER_08]: In fact, it will be within the next few years.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: Soon enough.
[SPEAKER_24]: Hey, Dark Knight.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's Angel.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, we hung up on him.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, never mind.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm just saying hi to him anyway.
[SPEAKER_24]: He'll probably say hi in the chat room anyway.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, I have one thing to say to Loki.
[SPEAKER_24]: A night with Mary-Kate.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh!
[SPEAKER_32]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_32]: What?
[SPEAKER_24]: I just...
[SPEAKER_24]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_08]: I have the same hatred towards DarkSakura and I like it
[SPEAKER_15]: You know, Loki, Hugh Hefner already has pictures of them in his private collection.
[SPEAKER_15]: It's just a matter of time before they get published.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's all about time.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyways.
[SPEAKER_08]: So yeah, that game with the arrows and the stomping.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, to DDR.
[SPEAKER_24]: What game is that?
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll get to it in a minute.
[SPEAKER_07]: Zaku's calling back, even though I usually don't take calls twice from the same person in a show, I'll give him a second chance.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, what's up?
[SPEAKER_13]: Alright, I have an idea for when Loki passes to the next world.
[SPEAKER_13]: All right.
[SPEAKER_13]: Well, why don't you just bury him upside down in the casket?
[SPEAKER_13]: And then just, you know, after he's buried, you just go that night to the cemetery, dig up his corpse, and then take it back to your place, throw it around, put, like, panties on it, high heels, dance with it.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then fuck it!
[SPEAKER_13]: That's too much work.
[SPEAKER_08]: Dude, that is fucking awesome.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want you to re-dig me up when I'm dead, and then just, like, put me in a Hawaiian shirt with glasses, like Bernie.
[SPEAKER_17]: That is fucking awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to bury Loki in bra and panties.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright bud, thanks for the call.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I missed the other guy that was calling in.
[SPEAKER_07]: Darn it, call back person that was trying to call because we just missed it.
[SPEAKER_24]: Knowing Loki, he'd probably dig his way out of his own coffin anyway.
[SPEAKER_22]: He's too stubborn to die.
[SPEAKER_24]: Too mean to die.
[SPEAKER_22]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I'm a little upset with Rice Princess and Lanky Style.
[SPEAKER_07]: I thought they were going to be here tonight.
[SPEAKER_22]: Bitches.
[SPEAKER_07]: They were supposed to bring me that copy of Harvest Moon so I could take it to Pennsylvania.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bitches.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's alright, Angel.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll play it when I get back.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll just have to work it off Rice Princess's ass.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'll do that on Tuesday.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, sounds hot.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm waiting to see if that person calls us back on Skype.
[SPEAKER_05]: Should I just call them?
[SPEAKER_22]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_05]: Go for it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, I'm just going to call them.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, they're calling back.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello, you're on Orange Lounge.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hello, how's it going?
[SPEAKER_05]: Hi, who's this?
[SPEAKER_14]: El Mullet.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hello, El Mullet, how are you?
[SPEAKER_14]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_14]: I'm doing good, Sky.
[SPEAKER_14]: How about yourself?
[SPEAKER_07]: Good.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, I was playing El Mullet earlier today on DDR Ultraman.
[SPEAKER_24]: El Mullet has the coolest nickname ever.
[SPEAKER_24]: Because, you know, the mullet's making a comeback.
[SPEAKER_24]: It totally is.
[SPEAKER_14]: Oh, yes, it is.
[SPEAKER_14]: And the funniest thing is, I'm not Mexican, and I don't have a mullet.
[SPEAKER_24]: So why the name?
[SPEAKER_14]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_14]: It was on Bimani style.
[SPEAKER_14]: There was like on the umpteenth ask a stupid question, get a stupid answer thread, and it's like, what if the mullet would make a comeback?
[SPEAKER_14]: And I'm saying, yes, I always wanted to grow a mullet.
[SPEAKER_14]: No, I don't.
[SPEAKER_14]: What if I really wanted to grow a mullet?
[SPEAKER_14]: And then someone replied, well, you'll grow one, and then we'd call you El Mullet.
[SPEAKER_14]: And thereby hangs the tale.
[SPEAKER_14]: People get their nicknames in very strange ways.
[SPEAKER_25]: Next on Reading Rainbow.
[SPEAKER_07]: and then we got into another match and it was the same freaking song and I triple-a'ed it and beat him.
[SPEAKER_05]: I triple-a'ed it on a pad.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was so happy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Granted, it was a light song, but hey, I'm still cool.
[SPEAKER_14]: You may or may not get to play with me this week.
[SPEAKER_14]: As we all are in our own little internet way.
[SPEAKER_07]: I may not because I'm going to Pennsylvania.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why did you call us tonight anyway?
[SPEAKER_14]: I just wanted to say that this show is probably the most screwed up show I've ever listened to.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: That is such a compliment.
[SPEAKER_24]: That really warms our hearts.
[SPEAKER_07]: Actually, El Mullet likes to plug our little show on a site of his.
[SPEAKER_07]: So would you like to plug your site here on our show, El Mullet?
[SPEAKER_14]: Yes, I would.
[SPEAKER_14]: www.insidepulse.com It's an entertainment website with a bunch of different areas, video games, movies, TV.
[SPEAKER_14]: Is there an adult section?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, but there's Rasslin.
[SPEAKER_24]: Cool!
[SPEAKER_14]: Yes, there's Rasslin.
[SPEAKER_24]: Cool, my favorite male soap opera.
[SPEAKER_24]: I tip my diet chocolate soda to you.
[SPEAKER_07]: And you can read the cookie story on this site.
[SPEAKER_07]: El Mullet was the one that sent the cookies, which we talked about a couple weeks ago.
[SPEAKER_14]: Yes, I will be forever heralded as the Cookie Man.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Cookie Monster!
[SPEAKER_14]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_14]: And the most hilarious thing is, as soon as I hang up, I can listen to what I just said on Thanks to Lag.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I know, it's great.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, actually our chat room wants to know, are you high?
[SPEAKER_14]: Am I high?
[SPEAKER_07]: You sound really laid back.
[SPEAKER_14]: Well, I figured if I sounded like a nervous, prissy bitch... He's the mullet, dude!
[SPEAKER_25]: He's the mullet!
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll make sure there should be that box of Twinkies.
[SPEAKER_07]: Mullets are laid back.
[SPEAKER_24]: I know that no silence sounds really like he's high all the time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Actually, we may be shipping something to El Mullet soon because El Mullet would be eligible to win our contest.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did you know we're having a contest, El Mullet?
[SPEAKER_14]: You're having a contest?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Actually, we haven't announced this to anybody yet, but we're going to right after the break.
[SPEAKER_25]: You better stay tuned.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is a huge contest.
[SPEAKER_07]: Multiple websites are involved in this contest.
[SPEAKER_07]: Coming together.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's going to be hot.
[SPEAKER_24]: So hot.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's just going to be too hot for normal radio.
[SPEAKER_24]: That's why it's here.
[SPEAKER_24]: You will need new pants after you hear about this contest.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks for the call, Mullet.
[SPEAKER_07]: We appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we hope to hear from you again soon, bud.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm going to kick your ass when I get back from Pennsylvania.
[SPEAKER_07]: Don't!
[SPEAKER_07]: Later.
[SPEAKER_22]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, we're going to close the skyline for now.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to go to a break.
[SPEAKER_07]: And in this break, there should be a little bit of a hint on what this contest is all about.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we will talk more about the contest when we come back, boys and girls.
Thanks for watching!
and many more.
Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_29]: Hiho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
[SPEAKER_07]: We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and as you probably figured out, that was a break all about Akira Yamaoka music.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, the contest does have something to do with Akira Yamaoka.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, drumroll please.
[SPEAKER_07]: We are going to be giving away, along with our buddies over at DDRspot.com, they are relaunching next month, and as part of their kickoff, that site and ourself, we are going to be giving away, between the two sites, four autographed Akira Yamaoka Silent Hill 4 mini-discs.
[SPEAKER_07]: SILENT HILL 4
[SPEAKER_07]: and DarkSakura.com.
[SPEAKER_07]: We will ask one trivia question about Akira Yamaoka.
[SPEAKER_07]: You have until Sunday Night Show to send us the answer.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then we will pick a random entry live on Sunday Night Show and get ourselves a winner for the contest.
[SPEAKER_07]: And special thanks to our buddy...
[SPEAKER_07]: Floatwalk over at KDAA and DDRspot.com who has helped us get this and will be assisting in mailing out the prizes to our winners.
[SPEAKER_07]: Unfortunately, there is a downside to this.
[SPEAKER_07]: If you have visited Orange Lounge Radio live and in person three times or more, you are considered a frequent guest and therefore are eligible.
[SPEAKER_15]: What if it was like less than three times this year?
[SPEAKER_07]: What if I suck your balls?
[SPEAKER_07]: That hooker being Jason.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I know the founder of DDR Spot.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_15]: But I know the founder of DDR Spot.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, maybe you can put out or something.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: So... So there will be one question across three different shows.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that means you're going to have to listen every night.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or...
[SPEAKER_07]: You can have friends listen and share the questions, but just remember, if you go sharing the questions with everybody, that's more people who are going to enter themselves in the contest.
[SPEAKER_07]: So strategize however you want.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm actually expecting that only a few people are going to enter, but I want the diehard fans of the station to have first crack at it, and that's the best thing I can come up with.
[SPEAKER_24]: This is like The Apprentice.
[SPEAKER_07]: Only those that listen to all the shows are going to have a chance.
[SPEAKER_07]: Otherwise, you're fired.
[SPEAKER_15]: But I was such a diehard fan, I came and visited the show boarded three times.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: You get to experience OLR live and in person, and we put out for you.
[SPEAKER_24]: Fired!
[SPEAKER_15]: But you don't autograph CDs for me.
[SPEAKER_07]: I will take a poo and autograph it for you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sweet.
[SPEAKER_07]: Is that going to be on air today?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_24]: Dude, they're putting everything else on DVD.
[SPEAKER_24]: They may as well put us on there.
[SPEAKER_24]: Complete...
[SPEAKER_07]: On DVDs.
[SPEAKER_07]: Complete rules to come later on our website.
[SPEAKER_07]: However, just wanted to get that out there.
[SPEAKER_07]: We also need a clever name for the contest.
[SPEAKER_07]: We don't have a name for the contest yet.
[SPEAKER_07]: Win prize.
[SPEAKER_07]: Answer question, win prize.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's the answer question, win prize segment.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it's questions.
[SPEAKER_07]: Question the answer you have.
[SPEAKER_19]: Question the answer you give.
[SPEAKER_07]: I like also the idea of win a piece of Akira.
[SPEAKER_24]: No, that'd be Jamie's department.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, so... Hopefully... Jamie, you're having way too much fun in our chat room there.
[SPEAKER_25]: It's not just me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Over at www.orangeonstrator.com, clicking on chat.
[SPEAKER_07]: So... You can see...
[SPEAKER_24]: Me and Sigurd use Akira Yamaoka lyrics to describe the multiple ways that we will be enjoying his presence.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sigurd is very upset because he's ineligible because he's been to the show like four times.
[SPEAKER_07]: El Mullet cannot have poo.
[SPEAKER_07]: Only me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I like that idea.
[SPEAKER_07]: The next best thing to sex with Akira contest.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll win that.
[SPEAKER_24]: Next best thing to being a faghead, Akira comments.
[SPEAKER_24]: I don't know, I'm just tired.
[SPEAKER_07]: Was there a song unveiled that I completely forgot about?
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh...
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yeah, and I promised everybody we'd play it as well, so we better do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: We did have that one song that was unveiled.
[SPEAKER_07]: I totally forgot about that because I played it Wednesday.
[SPEAKER_07]: I remember.
[SPEAKER_07]: We did have one new licensed song, or, well, technically it's not a license.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's one of those, they haven't really said where they got the song yet.
[SPEAKER_07]: But Day Behavior is the band, and the song is Superstar, and it's the Nevaraka mix.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a seven minute song.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to play you guys like a two, three minute clip so you can get a feel for it.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I really like this song, by the way.
[SPEAKER_07]: And you're going to be dancing to it this November when Ultramix 2 hits shelves.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here it is, Day Behavior with Superstar.
[SPEAKER_01]: I wanted to be someone I'm the
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, that's a little clip of that song for you there.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's Day Behavior with Superstar, the Neveraka mix.
[SPEAKER_07]: And you can actually download that song for free over on Amazon.com if you want to check out the whole thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just remember the Day Behavior, the band, it's all one word.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay?
[SPEAKER_07]: Day Behavior.
[SPEAKER_07]: What did you guys think of that song?
[SPEAKER_25]: That was pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_25]: I like it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I actually like the original a lot, too, and I was kind of... I actually have to express I'm a tiny bit disappointed the original wasn't the one that was used, because I actually like the original.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let me play a little clip of the original.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, because like... This is like old DDR stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: Right.
[SPEAKER_07]: When I first heard that Day Behavior Superstar was going to be in DDR...
[SPEAKER_07]: I actually got that one thinking that that was the mix but it's not, it's actually that remix but check out the original too if you have a chance I'm really liking this synth pop direction that Ultramix 2 is going in between this and Echo Image and everything so I don't know, what do you guys think?
[SPEAKER_07]: Anybody else have a comment about Day Behavior, Superstar?
[SPEAKER_07]: Don't shh me Alright
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, we'll be getting into Cage Match in a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess I'll open up the Skype line for a minute if anybody has a comment on that song.
[SPEAKER_07]: In other DDR news, I may cut you off if we get a call, Loki, but I know you had some sim news you want to share.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know something with Food Mix happened, like there was some kind of hidden song or something going on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Was that last week?
[SPEAKER_07]: I thought that was this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did you bring that up last week?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, my bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, because it came up last Sunday.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, hell.
[SPEAKER_24]: And if people read our website regularly, they would have also seen it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I read it regularly, but I just forgot it was a week ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, fine.
[SPEAKER_24]: I wasn't really talking about you, Rob.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, Loki, while we're waiting to get a call on the skyline, what else is going on?
[SPEAKER_07]: I know there's some stuff going on in the sim world this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Tell us one thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Something about Step Mania.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's Alpha 23 time!
[SPEAKER_08]: And guess what?
[SPEAKER_08]: It's buggy as hell!
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't care.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I guess they did stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: They fixed stuff, added stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: No one really cares other than the fact that it's buggy.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's what I read.
[SPEAKER_08]: Buggy.
[SPEAKER_08]: But, um, other than that, not much else going on as far as sim stuff goes.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know there's that, um, OSC 3 or something like that that's going on right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: OSC 2.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think it's 3.
[SPEAKER_08]: And, um...
[SPEAKER_08]: That's in like round two or three right now of sets of stuff that they have.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can check out Bomay's self on their front page.
[SPEAKER_08]: And other than that, really not too much else going on.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's a couple remix contests going on.
[SPEAKER_08]: One in Bomani style and the other one on DDR Maniacs.
[SPEAKER_08]: Both very similar in content.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bomay's self, I know, some of the artists have been putting their tracks up for people to listen to.
[SPEAKER_08]: But the judging and the actual...
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Fair enough.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's so girly.
[SPEAKER_07]: God.
[SPEAKER_07]: Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_07]: Last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, Echo Image was entered.
[SPEAKER_07]: And because you know they have that song Skulk that's going to be in DDR.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, if you pick up their CD, which by the way is an awesome, awesome CD.
[SPEAKER_07]: I highly recommend it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Compufonic, I believe is the name of the CD.
[SPEAKER_07]: Check out echoimage.com for more info.
[SPEAKER_07]: We played a track from that CD which won our Cage Match last week.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was my pick.
[SPEAKER_07]: And the song was Standing Alone.
[SPEAKER_07]: So you get to hear a clip of it because it won last week's Cage Match.
[SPEAKER_07]: So remember the way the cage match works, you hear a clip of last week's winner and then you hear two new songs in their entirety.
[SPEAKER_07]: You pick your favorite and the best goes into rotation all week long here on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: So are you ready to kick it off?
[SPEAKER_24]: Show off.
[SPEAKER_07]: You have to be in our chat room to participate.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here it goes, song number one, tonight's cage match is last week's winner, Standing Alone by Echo Image.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here is a clip.
Black rain clouds sealing up the sun The shouting voices in your head Tell me nothing You scream but no one hear you calling You left with all your life My life
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, that was song number one in tonight's cage match.
[SPEAKER_07]: Echo Image with Standing Alone.
[SPEAKER_07]: Can't get enough of that CD this week.
[SPEAKER_25]: I swear that group sounds like Depeche Mode.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're just the bomb.
[SPEAKER_07]: I love that CD.
[SPEAKER_07]: Love it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Track nine is my favorite, but it's not good for cage matches, so...
[SPEAKER_08]: I'd like to mention now, we'll post this in the chat room in a little bit.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's the website, actually the artist website, their label, A Different Drum, has a whole fucking gigantic page of synth pop.
[SPEAKER_08]: Free downloads you can get, including Echo Image, some of their stuff, including the track you heard, Staying Alone.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, huge fucking downloads.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, pretty much they're all linked to Amazon, but hey, it doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_07]: Synth pop owns.
[SPEAKER_07]: Check out this site, adifferentdrum.com.
[SPEAKER_07]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Post that link in our chatroom for our listeners, if you wouldn't mind.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, let's get into song number two, which comes to us tonight, courtesy of the lovely DarkSakura, and I see it's a little bit of a different sound.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, I decided to go for something different, but actually it's more just because it's sort of been sitting on my head for a while.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'll give a little bit of backstory to this.
[SPEAKER_24]: You know, Dan's been really big with his main cabinet, the Multi-Arcade Machine Emulator, and he got another emulator called Daphne that plays the old Laserdisc games, like Dragon's Lair and Space Ace.
[SPEAKER_24]: He got Cliffjumper to work.
[SPEAKER_24]: Now if anyone remembers the game Cliffjumper, it was basically using scenes from Lupin the Third Castle Cagliostro.
[SPEAKER_24]: So in honor of that, I decided to pick the Tokyo Ska Orchestra with the theme of Lupin the Third.
[SPEAKER_07]: This should be great.
[SPEAKER_07]: So DDR folks know this one, because, you know, Lupin the Third, obviously, and most... And anime.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anime.
[SPEAKER_07]: Most DDR and anime tend to have that hand-in-hand thing going on, so... So this is classic.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here we go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Tokyo Paradise Ska Orchestra with...
[SPEAKER_07]: Theme from Lupin the Third.
[SPEAKER_07]: Enjoy.
[SPEAKER_23]: Thank you for watching!
Let's go!
Thank you.
[SPEAKER_01]: My name is Ant-Man.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm the grandson of Narada's title fan.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm the only one who has the power to rule the world.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is my heart.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, that was song number two in tonight's cage match.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Tokyo Paradise Ska Orchestra with a theme from Lupin the Third.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see what the general theme is in this room about that song.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_24]: Ten.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ten.
[SPEAKER_24]: Just because when I first downloaded that song like a long time ago, I downloaded a bunch of Lupin the Third mixes.
[SPEAKER_24]: And that one I had on repeat for like ever.
[SPEAKER_24]: Just because it was so energetic.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Child, what did you think?
[SPEAKER_15]: I'd give it, I'd say maybe a 6.5.
[SPEAKER_15]: Well, I listened to it, all I could think of was like late 70s, early 80s, people just cruising down a beach in some kind of movie.
[SPEAKER_15]: Which I guess fits Lupin, but yeah, I'd give it about 6.5.
[SPEAKER_15]: It just really isn't my style.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm not a Ska fan, that's alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, DDRcolic.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm not big on Ska either, but I liked it a lot.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'd give it like a 9, because it was very fun.
[SPEAKER_24]: Very well put together, I think.
[SPEAKER_24]: Angel
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just Lupin.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I give this a 6.
[SPEAKER_08]: Me personally, I actually liked it a lot.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was kind of jazzy.
[SPEAKER_07]: It made me want to get up and dance.
[SPEAKER_07]: I wouldn't be surprised if something like that showed up in Ultramix with the randomness that game is getting in the different genres.
[SPEAKER_25]: Yeah, it would be fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: I give it like an 8.5.
[SPEAKER_07]: A lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_25]: Correction.
[SPEAKER_07]: What?
[SPEAKER_24]: Jason gives it a 6.5 and a hump of cinnamon roll.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Moving on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh, let's go on to Loki's pick, and let's see what he's picked for us.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ooh, I see it's a Ditter song.
[SPEAKER_08]: A what?
[SPEAKER_07]: DDR, Ditter, get it?
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm sorry, I'm not hip to your crap.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyways, um, no, this is a song that, um, that DM Ashura did.
[SPEAKER_08]: He was, he made two songs for, um, the Bomani Style Remix Contest.
[SPEAKER_08]: One of them being a remix of Klung Klung and the other one being a remix of, you know, Max.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, this one's kind of interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's like a rave version of Max.
[SPEAKER_08]: But, like, you know... Not, like, you know, gay rave.
[SPEAKER_16]: Like fucking... Like fucking hardcore rave shit.
[SPEAKER_08]: Not this, like, crappy, like, you know, stupid, uh, you know, star mine crap.
[SPEAKER_08]: This is, like, fucking hardcore shit.
[SPEAKER_08]: None of this.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyway, just play the song.
[SPEAKER_08]: This is Max Attack by DM Ashura.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, I'm going to queue it up here and you guys can take a look at this and see if you want to vote for it.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a rave version of a popular DDR song.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's DM Ashura with Max Attack.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just kidding, just kidding.
[SPEAKER_07]: I couldn't read it.
[SPEAKER_24]: I need a hug.
[SPEAKER_07]: DM Ashura with Max Attack
Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, we are back, and let's see what everybody thought of Max Attack.
[SPEAKER_24]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_24]: I liked that last part that was different from everything else, but I don't like Max.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I don't like, usually don't like the mixes of Max.
[SPEAKER_24]: That one was okay, and it sort of reminded me of that scene from Blade.
[SPEAKER_24]: But...
[SPEAKER_24]: It's still maxed.
[SPEAKER_24]: I mean, it wasn't bad.
[SPEAKER_24]: It was not bad.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's even, it's better than max 300.
[SPEAKER_24]: Or max any of the other million versions of VR Max there are.
[SPEAKER_24]: So, since I would normally give max a 4, I'm going to give that a 6.5.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_24]: Just above average.
[SPEAKER_07]: 6.5 from Jamie.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Childs.
[SPEAKER_15]: Once again, Loki manages to pick the song that I tend to like
[SPEAKER_15]: So I'm going to give it a 10.
[SPEAKER_15]: While thinking of it and listening to it, I can totally picture my homeboy Enrique doing a light show with his orbiter as all my friends fizz out and get crazy.
[SPEAKER_15]: So, 10.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, DDRGolic.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm kind of with Jamie on the Max issue.
[SPEAKER_24]: Max is kind of like a noise song for me.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's not bad, but it's more noisy.
[SPEAKER_24]: But I like the way they mixed this towards the end especially.
[SPEAKER_24]: It had a lot of energy behind it.
[SPEAKER_24]: It kind of made me tired just listening to it.
[SPEAKER_24]: But I think I would give it like, let's say a 7.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's not too bad.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's pretty good.
[SPEAKER_24]: I would listen to it.
[SPEAKER_24]: I like it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, Angel.
[SPEAKER_24]: Alright, I'm going to give it a 10.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I'm going to tell you why I'm going to give it a 10.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why is that?
[SPEAKER_24]: Because I respect DM Ashura just as much as I respect our Loki over here.
[SPEAKER_24]: Because...
[SPEAKER_24]: I'll tell you what, I've heard a lot of remixes, and out of a lot of them, I mean, DM Ashura and Loki, they just, I don't know, they just have a talent.
[SPEAKER_24]: They both have very extreme talent, and I, you know, I really respect that, so that's why I'm giving it a 10.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki!
[SPEAKER_08]: His stuff just keeps getting better.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, I honestly, I hated Max Resurrection when he first made it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I thought it was like, eh, it was okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, at least it's better than anything that, you know, what Bomani Ruler did.
[SPEAKER_08]: Man, I totally forgot about the money roller.
[SPEAKER_08]: But anyways, yeah, he just keeps getting better at his stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: I like how he's gone away from more of the MIDI stuff and kind of actually starting to use more of the tools at hand.
[SPEAKER_08]: So yeah, I'd give it like a 10, because it's really good.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I really wanted to play the Clone Clone one, but you know...
[SPEAKER_08]: Go check it out there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did you enter that contest?
[SPEAKER_08]: No, he did not.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, screw it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I thought that was an excellent remix.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's very well done.
[SPEAKER_07]: DM Ashura is very talented.
[SPEAKER_07]: He's one of the best Bomani remixers out there today, and the remix was incredibly well done.
[SPEAKER_07]: That being said, I give it a 4.
[SPEAKER_22]: Because... What's wrong with that?
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I am absolutely sick and fucking tired of Max.
[SPEAKER_07]: I am...
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry, but that song did nothing for me.
[SPEAKER_07]: I sat there going, God, this is good.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's so well done.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm like, this should hella be in DDR.
[SPEAKER_07]: But then I'm like, but I'm fucking sick of this song.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm so fucking sick of this song.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's just how I feel.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, there you have it.
[SPEAKER_07]: But anyway, it doesn't matter what I think or what anybody here thinks.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's really up to you guys out there in our chat room to place a vote for your favorite song.
[SPEAKER_07]: And here are those three songs once again.
[SPEAKER_07]: Song number one was Echo Image with Standing Alone.
[SPEAKER_07]: Song number two tonight was Tokyo Paradise Ska Orchestra with a theme from Lubin the Third.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, and song number three tonight, D.M.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ashura with Max Attack.
[SPEAKER_19]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_08]: I mentioned earlier in my live journal that I was going to be finishing one of my songs.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, I have not finished the song yet, but I was going to let you guys know what I was planning to do.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because one of the best remixes that I think I've done has been the Ecstasy 14 Hours mix.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I was thinking to myself, what could make it better?
[SPEAKER_08]: What could make it better?
[SPEAKER_08]: Tell us, Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: It just so happens that in my family...
[SPEAKER_08]: There is a certain person who has vocal talent.
[SPEAKER_08]: Obviously, it's not me.
[SPEAKER_08]: What?
[SPEAKER_08]: It would be my sister, Gypsy Wolf, who was on the show last week.
[SPEAKER_08]: She's going to be... As soon as I figure out what I'm going to do and write the lyrics, she's going to be laying down a vocal track for that song.
[SPEAKER_26]: Sweet.
[SPEAKER_08]: A completely original vocal track to go with it.
[SPEAKER_26]: That's awesome.
[SPEAKER_26]: So... Wow, I didn't know your sister could sing.
[SPEAKER_26]: That's cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that's my plan.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then I'm going to also, you know, finish it off, make it the full length, and...
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll do that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that should be awesome.
[SPEAKER_24]: What kind of lyrics?
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: I haven't really thought about that yet.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's the problem.
[SPEAKER_08]: I've got to figure that out.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I've still got... We've set the date to when we're going to record.
[SPEAKER_08]: Not this coming up Wednesday, but a week from Wednesday.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I have about 10 days or so to figure out something.
[SPEAKER_08]: So...
[SPEAKER_08]: I should have enough time.
[SPEAKER_24]: Have you done voices before?
[SPEAKER_08]: Voice?
[SPEAKER_08]: Vocals?
[SPEAKER_08]: No, I haven't.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just an experiment.
[SPEAKER_08]: See if it'll work.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think it should be fine because we have a pretty quiet apartment here.
[SPEAKER_08]: It shouldn't be that much background stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: Really, the song has a very simple beat to it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Just figure out something.
[SPEAKER_08]: I just have to figure out cool lyrics for it.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's about it.
[SPEAKER_24]: That's cool.
[SPEAKER_24]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_24]: Good for you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Last call for cage match votes in our chat room, by the way.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's your last chance to submit a cage match vote.
[SPEAKER_07]: Very, very close race right now between all three songs.
[SPEAKER_07]: Very close.
[SPEAKER_24]: While they're voting, we do have an opportunity to put in some plugs there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ah, yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Go and do some plugs.
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, we have the one on Monday, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Absolutely, Monday nights is Diversion on Orange Lawns Radio, our Bomani remix show, and it runs between 7 o'clock and 9 o'clock, and of course you're going to hear stuff like Even Though I'm Sick of Max, I think that song definitely deserves to be in rotation on that show, Max Attack, along with some of the other recent remixes.
[SPEAKER_07]: In fact, this week we're going to feature a lot of the newer recent remixes from that thread, so some of the good stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we'll add that in for you guys.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's going to be this Monday night and every Monday night.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Monty Remixes.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's an awesome show.
[SPEAKER_07]: Seriously, if you like DDR, if you like 2DX, you're missing out if you're not listening to this show.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's some good, good stuff on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it's the little gem of our station, honestly.
[SPEAKER_24]: Tuesday is my baby.
[SPEAKER_24]: My retarded, backwards, beaten baby.
[SPEAKER_07]: Two-headed from Silent Hill 4.
[SPEAKER_24]: My two-headed baby from Silent Hill 4.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's Pump Up the Volume, named after a really awesome movie from the 80s.
[SPEAKER_24]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_24]: and basically I go on until about 10.30 or so.
[SPEAKER_24]: This is Pacific time, by the way.
[SPEAKER_24]: And sometimes I go later.
[SPEAKER_24]: But I just play, you know, if you're in our chat room, I'll play whatever you request.
[SPEAKER_24]: But lately I've been doing marathons of stuff.
[SPEAKER_24]: This past week I did Strong Bad Sings.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I did something else.
[SPEAKER_24]: I really don't remember what the hell it was.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, yeah, I did a bunch of Richard Cheese Lounge Against the Machine.
[SPEAKER_24]: Like you might have heard for our...
[SPEAKER_24]: And, uh...
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm probably going to be doing another comedy week soon, but I'm thinking that this Tuesday I'm going to probably play some Desiree, play some... Oh, we've got requests to play Strong Bad Things.
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, maybe I'll sneak in a few of the tracks off of Strong Bad Things again.
[SPEAKER_24]: But I think that I'm just going to go...
[SPEAKER_24]: What the hell is up with Pump Up the Vicodin?
[SPEAKER_07]: I like that.
[SPEAKER_24]: I am not on Vicodin.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wednesday night, brand new show, Outside the Box is actually going to be on break for the next two weeks because I'm gone.
[SPEAKER_07]: So you're going to get some Vanilla Sky Retro for the next two weeks.
[SPEAKER_07]: Vanilla Sky Retro, some of our old ass shit.
[SPEAKER_07]: for the next couple weeks.
[SPEAKER_07]: Old-ass shit.
[SPEAKER_07]: And actually, we will do, we're going to do some old-ass shit next week, and then in a couple weeks, you'll hear the Outside the Box preview show, because a lot of you guys missed that, so we're going to replay that preview show, because we didn't announce it.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, we'll give you guys a second chance to hear it.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, at least you guys have something new to look forward to.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, look forward to a Vanilla Sky Retro a bit, and Outside the Box.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then when I get back, all new episodes!
[SPEAKER_07]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_07]: For months and months and months.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: You certainly should do video game music trivia again, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_24]: What did you just say?
[SPEAKER_07]: You should do video game music trivia again, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm going to be setting up an email just for Video Game Music Trivia for our various trivia things as well as our contest.
[SPEAKER_24]: Maybe I should do that.
[SPEAKER_15]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkTal, do you have something you want to say?
[SPEAKER_15]: Yes, before the votes are tallied.
[SPEAKER_15]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_15]: Slash MSG space sky space vote three.
[SPEAKER_15]: Enter.
[SPEAKER_07]: Actually, the voting's closed because I'm just about to announce the winner.
[SPEAKER_24]: Meet your Rob.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: What do you guys think won tonight?
[SPEAKER_24]: Holic.
[SPEAKER_07]: Holic.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki says Echo Image won again.
[SPEAKER_07]: What do you think, Jamie?
[SPEAKER_24]: Holic.
[SPEAKER_07]: Holic.
[SPEAKER_07]: What do you think, Angel?
[SPEAKER_24]: That's really hard.
[SPEAKER_24]: Let me think about that for a second.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, here it is, tonight's winner.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I've got to say, tonight's winner actually kind of surprised me.
[SPEAKER_07]: I wasn't expecting this one to win, but it won by one vote.
[SPEAKER_22]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yet again, won by one vote.
[SPEAKER_07]: Tokyo Skull Orchestra with Lupin the Third.
[SPEAKER_07]: I actually, I thought our chat room was going to go for the other stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was kind of surprised.
[SPEAKER_07]: One vote over Echo Image and one vote, or I'm sorry, two votes over DM Assure.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was a very, very close cage match tonight.
[SPEAKER_24]: Wow, unbelievable.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm actually surprised, Jamie.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, I don't want to dog your pick or anything, but usually the pattern of the chatroom is they go towards the techno stuff, and the Bomani remixes always win.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think that is the first time a Bomani remix has not won.
[SPEAKER_07]: But you can consider Lupin the Third a remix.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, yeah, it did have two.
[SPEAKER_24]: Actually, it was in Beatmania 3, as well as being in DDR3.
[SPEAKER_07]: and of course our chat rooms up in arms.
[SPEAKER_24]: Hey, you voted.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_07]: You guys voted.
[SPEAKER_24]: Don't blame us.
[SPEAKER_24]: You voted.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_07]: You need to exercise your right to vote as you should this November as well.
[SPEAKER_24]: Rob.
[SPEAKER_07]: What?
[SPEAKER_24]: You forgot one.
[SPEAKER_24]: What's after Wednesday?
[SPEAKER_07]: Thursday, the Orange House Radio Rewind.
[SPEAKER_24]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's a week behind, guys.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: But next week you're actually going to hear...
[SPEAKER_07]: The last week's show with Floatwalk, which was a really good show, though.
[SPEAKER_07]: So listen.
[SPEAKER_07]: Of course it was.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then in two weeks you'll hear.
[SPEAKER_07]: But that's actually a good thing that it's off by a week because it gives me a chance to put in next week's show after I'm gone.
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe we did it that way on purpose.
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh-huh.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm still surprised.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's like the most surprising cage match win I think I've had.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nothing but surprises here.
[SPEAKER_24]: We have a request in the chat.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that means you whores are getting Brittany next week from me.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, um... Actually, I have a great... I think next week I'm going to go to my Sesame Street Sings album.
[SPEAKER_19]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_07]: That'd be cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or what I'll do is I'll take a drum loop in the background.
[SPEAKER_07]: It'll be a remix.
[SPEAKER_24]: No, okay, Rob.
[SPEAKER_24]: We need, like, some Bert songs being all evil.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Amazing.
[SPEAKER_24]: Is that site still up?
[SPEAKER_24]: BertisEvil.com?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, no.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know there's BertisEvil sites.
[SPEAKER_07]: Skype line's open if you guys have any comments.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want to hear that clip of the Sesame Street characters all high again.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes!
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, Fortune Cookie next week.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_24]: Does anybody have that Donald Duck having sex one?
[SPEAKER_24]: I used to have that.
[SPEAKER_24]: The Donald Duck getting a blowjob one.
[SPEAKER_24]: I actually may still have that somewhere.
[SPEAKER_08]: We should do a whole show next week of all Fortune Cookies.
[SPEAKER_26]: That would be cool.
[SPEAKER_26]: We should.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm always scared of what happens when I leave for a week, but we'll see.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, Skype line's ringing, and hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_26]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_26]: First up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_26]: It's Misty.
[SPEAKER_26]: Hi, Misty, how are you?
[SPEAKER_26]: Hi, Misty.
[SPEAKER_07]: We like Misty because she helps archive cam pics for us.
[SPEAKER_07]: How you doing?
[SPEAKER_26]: Well, as you can tell, I finally got my mic.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hey, good times.
[SPEAKER_05]: What's on your mind, Misty?
[SPEAKER_26]: Well, CageMash, I say we got screwed over.
[SPEAKER_05]: Don't blame us.
[SPEAKER_05]: Don't hate.
[SPEAKER_05]: Do you want to tell what you voted for, Misty?
[SPEAKER_26]: If Secret wants to, he can.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, well, that gives it away right there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, Misty voted for Echo Image, obviously.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know it's a tough blow to all the Echo Image fans, but you know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: I promise I will bring Echo Image back to the table in a later week.
[SPEAKER_22]: Sounds good.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, but I guess
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll let Jamie have her moment with her little ska thing.
[SPEAKER_24]: My little ska thing.
[SPEAKER_24]: You said you liked it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have to give her a hard time.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have to give her a hard time, totally.
[SPEAKER_26]: That's a good ska song.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anything else on your mind, Misty?
[SPEAKER_26]: I just wanted to say happy birthday to Loki again, even though I said it to him in the live journal.
[SPEAKER_07]: Personal happy birthdays are always good.
[SPEAKER_26]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wasn't that a great present that DD Alcoholic got him?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, giggling is about all I can say about it, too.
[SPEAKER_26]: I forgot to mention.
[SPEAKER_26]: Now, if I could show up for my birthday, would I get Jack?
[SPEAKER_07]: Huh?
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_07]: Would she get Jack Daniels if she could make it out here?
[SPEAKER_07]: Sure, why not?
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, we're going to let you go, Misty, so we can take another call.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Have a good one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks for calling.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye-bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's good to hear from new people.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's hear from another new person.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello, you are on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, did I miss it?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, the guy hung up.
[SPEAKER_05]: I tried to pick up the phone from somebody new and they hung up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Girl.
[SPEAKER_05]: Call, call back.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, they're calling back.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's try this again.
[SPEAKER_07]: Howdy, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry about that, Sky.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, yeah, I know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who is this?
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh, uh, S-Ghost.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, S-Ghost, how are you?
[SPEAKER_07]: I am doing very good.
[SPEAKER_07]: How are you doing, Sky?
[SPEAKER_07]: Good, I'm, I'm okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Life doesn't suck.
[SPEAKER_10]: Alright, about the song, you know, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: About the cage match?
[SPEAKER_10]: Yeah, about the cage match, um, I just got back when I heard you announcing all three songs there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh-huh.
[SPEAKER_10]: Um, I think I'm personally responsible for Lupin winning.
[SPEAKER_22]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_10]: Because you voted off that little clip there?
[SPEAKER_24]: You'll get hugged, you'll get, like, like, eternal gratitude.
[SPEAKER_10]: I was watching various, um, I feel sorry about talking about it, but I watched the new Kids on the Block, Bands Reunited.
[SPEAKER_07]: Awesome, awesome.
[SPEAKER_10]: But yeah, um...
[SPEAKER_10]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, you know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's all your fault, but that's alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll forgive you somehow.
[SPEAKER_10]: I'll rule.
[SPEAKER_10]: My girlfriend is either ignorant or, you know, maybe they were just taking some weird drugs that morning.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sigurd is yelling at you in our chatroom right now as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: He's a little angry at you.
[SPEAKER_10]: Sigurd made my girlfriend hit me in the balls before the show.
[SPEAKER_07]: How did that happen?
[SPEAKER_10]: Wait.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, you're cutting out, bud.
[SPEAKER_07]: How did that happen?
[SPEAKER_10]: Okay, basically, I have no idea where this came from, but we got discussing, and he started talking about, like, woman's place is in the kitchen, and then my girlfriend saw that, and she's like, defend me, and I'm like, okay, don't hurt me.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's okay, because he's a big gay, so it doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_10]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Have a good one, Eskos.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anything else you want to share?
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_10]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_10]: I just wanted to say that, yeah, I'm happy looping one.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, I'm glad you're happy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Have a good one.
[SPEAKER_10]: You too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_07]: At least this program can make somebody happy.
[SPEAKER_15]: You know, for the longest time, I thought his name was S. Goat, not S. Ghost.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, it's S. Ghost.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's an S in there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Can't you see it?
[SPEAKER_24]: Like Space Ghost.
[SPEAKER_15]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_15]: Right?
[SPEAKER_15]: I figured it out now, but before I saw S-Goat, and I'm like, what the hell is S-Goat about?
[SPEAKER_22]: The space ghost.
[SPEAKER_15]: You idiot!
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Excuse me.
[SPEAKER_26]: That's what you get for watching too much porn.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think that when we come back...
[SPEAKER_07]: and Fireball, because everybody likes that song.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, so we will be back, and then we're going to do a Bomani match game, and I'm going to find us some contestants, because I want to get some people who haven't played before.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we're going to get some Bomani match game when we come back.
Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_19]: Thank you for watching!
It's great, man.
It's great.
[SPEAKER_20]: I'm getting out of this town Got to pack my bags and bring my wagon around Move it out to the mountain, the sky, and the trees Move it out when nobody wants to feed anyone And nobody's backing me I wanna be with the creatures of great master Paradise rapture
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, Dead Air.
[SPEAKER_07]: I forgot to queue up a promo.
[SPEAKER_07]: My bad.
[SPEAKER_24]: Listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_24]: You're a big, stinky, poopy head and smells like Shermie's litter box.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: and we're going to do a Bomani match game.
[SPEAKER_07]: I decided tonight I would just handpick the contestants.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just basically picked people that said, I want to play in our chat room and I set it up.
[SPEAKER_07]: I picked people that we don't hear from a whole lot.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we're actually going to call our first contestant because our first contestant is coming in over Skype tonight and actually, oh God, I hope I have the match game music.
[SPEAKER_22]: Oh no!
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to be sad.
[SPEAKER_24]: You do have it.
[SPEAKER_24]: I don't have the... I saw it on your list.
[SPEAKER_07]: It used to be on my desktop, but I don't think I... Because I brought it.
[SPEAKER_24]: I left it on your desktop.
[SPEAKER_07]: Did you?
[SPEAKER_24]: I bought it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, but... Didn't we have to download it last time?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, I had to play it over and over and over again, but not this time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, well, maybe we need a new song.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't have the Price is Right theme.
[SPEAKER_24]: I couldn't use that a long-ass time ago.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't have it anymore.
[SPEAKER_07]: We haven't done the FUs, we could do that while you look for the... No, I don't want to get this over with, because I have my contestants ready.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we'll just find a new theme song for Ask Orange Launch.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, Loki's looking it up.
[SPEAKER_07]: In the meantime, let's... Loki's taking mercy on us.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's give our first contestant a little phone call here.
[SPEAKER_07]: He's supposed to be there, he better answer.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's click the buttons and get that to call.
[SPEAKER_07]: One ring-a-dingy?
[SPEAKER_07]: Two ring-a-dingys?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yo.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, how you doing, Dork?
[SPEAKER_12]: What's up?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, I'm getting a little bit of feedback there, so turn down your Winamp a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh, whoops.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Is it good now?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, it's very good.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're nice and clear.
[SPEAKER_07]: We like that.
[SPEAKER_18]: Very clear.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, good.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dork is contestant number one tonight, and Dork will be playing against, in our chatroom...
[SPEAKER_07]: Kyle Snyder will be the other contestant tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, so Kyle versus Dork in tonight's Bimani match game.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm so excited.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know how this works, right, Dork?
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh, explain anything.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, well that's what I always do, is I explain it anyway.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're gonna give you a sentence, and you will be responsible for filling in the blank in that sentence.
[SPEAKER_07]: But what you're trying to do is you're trying to match our famous celebrities here in studio, who will also be writing something down.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're trying to match them.
[SPEAKER_07]: So let's introduce tonight's celebrities.
[SPEAKER_07]: Celebrity number one is, um, a very famous lady.
[SPEAKER_07]: You'll recognize her from such films as...
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura is celebrity number one tonight.
[SPEAKER_24]: No, I starred in the Watch Me Shove My Foot So Far Up Your Ass You Taste Toenails.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Contestant number two tonight, you know him from a variety of gay porno.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is Dark Child.
[SPEAKER_15]: I started that movie, too, but I enjoyed it.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Contestant number three tonight is actually going to be the token black chick in the next Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen movie.
[SPEAKER_07]: She's going to be their cousin from Africa.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_07]: DDRgaholic.
[SPEAKER_22]: Hello, everyone.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just had to work in a Mary-Kate-Ashley thing in there somehow.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_22]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_07]: And our third contestant will also be seen in the movie.
[SPEAKER_07]: She will be playing Dr. Evil, however.
[SPEAKER_07]: DDRangel.
[SPEAKER_24]: I did not release the insane monkey.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, Angel.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hi, Dork.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also cameoing in the next Mary Kay and Ashley film as the evil monkey is celebrity number five, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry, man.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also playing tonight, the biggest celebrity of them all, me.
[SPEAKER_15]: The biggest ego of them all.
[SPEAKER_15]: I just have to say something to Dork because I like his screen name.
[SPEAKER_15]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_15]: I was in a band called Dork, and they have a webpage called Dork.com.
[SPEAKER_22]: All right, do we have a TV theme?
We've got plenty.
[SPEAKER_08]: Originalities suck.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, we're going to get some kick-ass music here for the TV theme.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, let's see here.
[SPEAKER_08]: How about we start off with... This is just... Yeah, we'll just play this.
[SPEAKER_25]: Welcome to... The Money Match Game!
[SPEAKER_29]: All right.
[SPEAKER_29]: Here we go.
[SPEAKER_29]: What the hell is this?
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_22]: Okay, here we go.
[SPEAKER_22]: We need, um, uh... Question number one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Shut up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Question number one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's only three questions tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a short game tonight.
[SPEAKER_22]: We're waiting.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: For his birthday, Loki decided he would actually go out and play some DDR.
[SPEAKER_07]: And as a special present to Loki, the arcade management let him do whatever he wanted to the machine.
[SPEAKER_05]: So Loki decided to blank.
[SPEAKER_12]: Oh, me?
[SPEAKER_07]: Not yet.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not yet, Dork.
[SPEAKER_07]: Think about it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Our celebrities are thinking about an answer right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Still thinking here.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're getting some answers from our celebrities here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: One more time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki decided he would actually go out and play some DDR for his birthday.
[SPEAKER_07]: And as a special present to Loki, the arcade management let him do whatever he wanted to the machine.
[SPEAKER_07]: So Loki decided to blank.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I know it's the buying a car theme.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here we go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see what we've got.
[SPEAKER_07]: For his birthday, Loki decided he would actually go out and play some DDR.
[SPEAKER_07]: And as a special present to Loki, the arcade management let him do whatever he wanted to the machine.
[SPEAKER_07]: So Loki decided to... what, dork?
[SPEAKER_12]: Well, first I thought about like he might Matrix Walk the damn machine.
[SPEAKER_12]: That's an absurd answer.
[SPEAKER_12]: I'm reading the chatroom and Zaku said Bukkake the machine.
[SPEAKER_12]: But I would say my answer is to hump the coin slot.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hump the coin slot.
[SPEAKER_07]: Amazing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see what Kyle thought.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kyle said Loki decided to...
[SPEAKER_07]: Strip Dance on the Machine was Kyle's answer.
[SPEAKER_07]: Pretty kinky.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see if there's any match with our celebrities.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're looking for Hump the Coin Slot and Strip Dance.
[SPEAKER_07]: One of those answers.
[SPEAKER_07]: Jamie, what did you get?
[SPEAKER_24]: Mine was take an axe after it like they did in Office Space in honor of the Dead Step Mania.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ah, take it out and kick the shit out of it like they did in Office Space.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good answer, but not a match.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Child.
[SPEAKER_15]: My answer was
[SPEAKER_15]: Toss the salad and stink finger the Olsen twins while videotaping from multiple angles to make his first feature-length hardcore porn.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's almost a match with the strip dance one, but I can't give it to you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: DDArcoholic, what do you think?
[SPEAKER_26]: I said hump the machine.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think that's a match with the coin slot.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good job.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dork has one point.
[SPEAKER_22]: Woohoo!
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, Angel, what did you say?
[SPEAKER_24]: Loki decided to... Pretend he's making love to one of the twins and hump their coin return.
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess that's it.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's another match for Dork.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hump the coin return.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki, what did you get?
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki decided to... The most obvious outside of the box answer.
[SPEAKER_08]: Take it home!
[SPEAKER_08]: Take the machine home.
[SPEAKER_08]: Where it will be safe.
[SPEAKER_26]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, that's such a G-rated answer.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: My answer was Loki decided to, he got to do anything he wants, so Loki decided to bend over and shove birthday candles in his ass and shoot them at Golf Land Moms.
[SPEAKER_19]: You're sick.
[SPEAKER_19]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_15]: What kind of propellant is he using to shoot the candles?
[SPEAKER_26]: Taco Bell.
[SPEAKER_26]: Taco Bell?
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_26]: Liquid or gas.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyway, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_26]: No worse.
[SPEAKER_26]: Del Taco.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here we go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Question number two.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dork is up by two points, but that's all right, Kyle.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's your chance to catch up.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: Question number two.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want music.
[SPEAKER_22]: I got rhythm.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura was so excited that Rob was going to be leaving for a whole two weeks.
[SPEAKER_07]: When she got to take over his computer to run the show, she was extra sure to fill up Rob's hard drive with lots of blank.
[SPEAKER_10]: Again,
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura was so excited that Rob was going to be leaving for a whole two weeks.
[SPEAKER_07]: When she got to take over his computer to run the show, she was extra sure to fill up Rob's hard drive with lots of black.
[SPEAKER_07]: Looking around to see what our celebrities are doing, they're writing furiously.
[SPEAKER_07]: I had my answer already.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki's thinking.
[SPEAKER_07]: Angel looks like she's still working.
[SPEAKER_07]: She's poking holes in the couch or something.
[SPEAKER_07]: What are you doing over there?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, she's waiting for the pen.
[SPEAKER_07]: Do you have an answer already?
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, everybody looks like they've just about dinged in.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, I'm making sure Kyle... Okay, here we go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, good.
[SPEAKER_07]: We got an answer from Kyle.
[SPEAKER_07]: Stop the music.
[SPEAKER_20]: Stop the music.
[SPEAKER_20]: Stop it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dork.
[SPEAKER_07]: What do you say?
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura was so excited that Rob was going to be leaving for a whole two weeks.
[SPEAKER_07]: When she got to take over his computer to run the show, she was extra sure to fill up Rob's hard drive with lots of... J-Rock.
[SPEAKER_07]: J-Rock.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good answer.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see if it's a match.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kyle said, fill up Rob's hard drive with Mary-Kate and Ashley Garbage.
[SPEAKER_07]: Running Joke tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see if Kyle gets a point off the Running Joke.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, you filled up my hard drive with lots of... I would treat your computer as well as I do my own.
[SPEAKER_24]: Therefore, it would be filled with Ragnarok Online, Wonder Woman episodes, Stargate episodes, G.I.
[SPEAKER_24]: Joe fanfiction, and J-Rock, just like my PC.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Does J-Rock count as a match?
[SPEAKER_24]: It's one of the many... I'll give it half a point.
[SPEAKER_07]: Half a point.
[SPEAKER_07]: Half a point, you match for dork.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good job.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, let's see.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just to clarify, but no Mary-Kate and Ashley.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, hell no!
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, that's unfortunate.
[SPEAKER_15]: Alright, Dark Child, what'd you put?
[SPEAKER_15]: You know, I kind of went the same way as Jamie, except I figured she'd put stuff that's like on my computer.
[SPEAKER_15]: So I said, Chupacabra butt-humping porn, hand-selected by me from my personal super-nasty collection.
[SPEAKER_15]: What kind of porn was that again?
[SPEAKER_15]: Chupacabra butt-humping.
[SPEAKER_15]: Explain that to me when I'm a little bit older.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't get it.
[SPEAKER_08]: They don't have any actual footage of it, but they have porno of it.
[SPEAKER_15]: Well, yeah, you can't get a picture of all of Chupacabra, but they managed to get his ass in the film.
[SPEAKER_07]: Poor Kyle.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see if we can get Kyle a match.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see if we can get Kyle a match from DDR Golic.
[SPEAKER_26]: Oh, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_26]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_26]: I said the entire collection of Vivid Videos straight porn.
[SPEAKER_29]: Oh, Vivid Videos, yes.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I like some, like, sex-deprived... Virginia, it's Vivid, it's okay.
[SPEAKER_15]: You know, it's just that Rob's sex-deprived.
[SPEAKER_15]: We were thinking that you might want to help him out.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, well, that makes sense.
[SPEAKER_24]: Or just, you know, like, ruin his day with something.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ew, our chat room's nasty.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're saying nasty things about Akira Yamaoka and ferrets being put on the computer.
[SPEAKER_24]: Uh-oh.
[SPEAKER_07]: DDR Angel, what'd you say?
[SPEAKER_24]: Gay Ditter Porn.
[SPEAKER_07]: Gay Ditter Porn?
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, Ditter sounds like diddling.
[SPEAKER_24]: Fine, DDR.
[SPEAKER_07]: Gay DDR Porn, grand.
[SPEAKER_24]: It sounds like a kinky sex act, too.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, it sounds like diddling.
[SPEAKER_07]: She filled up my hard drive with lots of... Tack.
[SPEAKER_24]: Tacku.
[SPEAKER_07]: Excellent, excellent, but not a match.
[SPEAKER_05]: I would do that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I said...
[SPEAKER_07]: She was extra sure to fill up Rob's hard drive with lots of her bank account information.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not a match, unfortunately.
[SPEAKER_15]: I have to answer something in the chat room.
[SPEAKER_15]: Dark Knight is asking, why does that name sound familiar?
[SPEAKER_15]: The Chupacabra is the goat eater.
[SPEAKER_15]: You know, people in Mexico believe in him and people in Puerto Rico.
[SPEAKER_07]: Can we please change the subject?
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, and Florida.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Last question.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kyle, here's your chance to catch it all up.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm casting a hex on Dork so that he will not match you on this one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: Rob was... Oh, I'm sorry, I need music.
[SPEAKER_07]: Give me my music!
[SPEAKER_07]: Give it to me!
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Rob was excited to finally get to meet some new DDR players on the East Coast.
[SPEAKER_07]: He walked into an arcade in New Jersey and proudly announced to the large DDR crowd gathered that my name is Sky and I like to blank.
[SPEAKER_07]: Rob was excited...
[SPEAKER_07]: to finally get to meet some new DDR players on the East Coast.
[SPEAKER_07]: He walked into an arcade in New Jersey and proudly announced to the large DDR crowd gathered that my name is Sky and I like to blank.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, let's, uh... DarkSakura's having a hard time coming up with an answer.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll have to give her an extra minute.
[SPEAKER_07]: My name is Sky, and I like to blank.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Waiting on some answers.
[SPEAKER_07]: Waiting on Kyle, waiting on DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, looks like Kyle just lit up there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see if he got an answer.
[SPEAKER_07]: Excellent answer from Kyle.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_07]: Some very perverse answers.
[SPEAKER_07]: Zaku, you're a pervert!
[SPEAKER_07]: God!
[SPEAKER_19]: Total perv!
[SPEAKER_07]: Disgusting!
[SPEAKER_07]: Idiot laid, or something.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kyle's sad because he says, if I don't score any points, it's going to be really humiliating.
[SPEAKER_07]: Look, Kyle, the way it usually works, usually it always ends in a tie game of 0-0.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dork is exceptionally good at this game.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is like playing Ken Jennings at Jeopardy, okay?
[SPEAKER_07]: That guy who's won like 45 times in a row.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's Dork, okay? 75.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, whatever, 75, however many times you want.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, DarkSakura, did you get an answer?
[SPEAKER_07]: I hope so, because the music's up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_24]: Never mind, I was going to say it in a second.
[SPEAKER_07]: What, I'm sorry?
[SPEAKER_24]: I was going to say something, but it's okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: My name is Skye, and I like to blank.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see, first off, Dork.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let me read it one more time.
[SPEAKER_07]: Rob was excited to finally get to meet some new DDR players on the East Coast.
[SPEAKER_07]: He walked into an arcade in New Jersey and proudly announced to the large DDR crowd gathered that my name is Sky and I like to... Get drunk while running up the walls claiming that he's in the Matrix and advertising Orange Lounge.
[SPEAKER_07]: Run Up The Wall, Drunk, claiming that he's in the Matrix, referencing our last drunk show when that actually happened.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see what Kyle said.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kyle said, my name is Sky and I like to make fun of celebrities.
[SPEAKER_07]: Which is true.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do like to make fun of celebrities.
[SPEAKER_07]: So let's see if anybody got a match on that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's go around to Jamie.
[SPEAKER_07]: Jamie, my name is Sky and I like to...
[SPEAKER_24]: I couldn't think of anything.
[SPEAKER_24]: I just said Whore Out Orange Lounge.
[SPEAKER_07]: Whore Out Orange Lounge.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's a very good answer.
[SPEAKER_07]: Unfortunately, not a match.
[SPEAKER_06]: Dark Child, dare I ask.
[SPEAKER_06]: My name is Sky and I like to... Can I give my answer last?
[SPEAKER_15]: No.
[SPEAKER_15]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm going to try to do it in one breath.
[SPEAKER_15]: All right.
[SPEAKER_15]: Eat chocolate salad sauce fresh from the arse of young 15-year-old dinner players made only from the milk of a virgin dairy cow and the chocolate from organically fed vegetarian pieces of trim and toned meat puppets.
[SPEAKER_19]: Whatever!
[SPEAKER_25]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_25]: Very descriptive.
[SPEAKER_24]: And now we, you know what, this is what happens when you leave Jason at home by himself all day.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_24]: Remember.
[SPEAKER_15]: Remember.
[SPEAKER_15]: I go to a chiropractor three times a week.
[SPEAKER_15]: What else am I going to fill my time with?
[SPEAKER_24]: Porn.
[SPEAKER_17]: Bukkake.
[SPEAKER_15]: Both of those were acceptable answers.
[SPEAKER_05]: My name is Sky and I like to... Play doubles!
[SPEAKER_24]: Play doubles!
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, such a cute answer, but not a match.
[SPEAKER_07]: I couldn't think of anything.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's all right.
[SPEAKER_07]: For the record, I hate doubles.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, I do like to play doubles, but I only like to do my white boy freestyle to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Angel, my name is Sky, and I like to... Hold on.
[SPEAKER_24]: Get down and freestyle to Sexy Planet Complete with your bitches.
[SPEAKER_05]: Get down and freestyle to what?
[SPEAKER_24]: Sexy Planet.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sexy Planet.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, the freestyle I wanted to do at the Scandia Tournament, but got denied.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_25]: Whatever you called them.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki, my name is Sky, and I like to... Yeah, what Jason said.
[SPEAKER_07]: So you wrote down the exact same thing that Jason said.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, I wrote down, yeah, what Jason said.
[SPEAKER_07]: and lastly, my answer, my name is Sky and I like to play DDR.
[SPEAKER_25]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello, perverts.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, final tally in second place tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yes, we need tally music.
[SPEAKER_07]: I demand tally music.
[SPEAKER_15]: Eat, Chocolate, Salad, Sauce, Bestro.R That's right.
[SPEAKER_29]: In second place tonight is Kyle with a zero point score.
[SPEAKER_29]: But because we felt bad for him, we gave him one tenth of a point.
[SPEAKER_29]: So one tenth of a point for Kyle.
[SPEAKER_29]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you for playing.
[SPEAKER_06]: As our runner up, you win nothing!
[SPEAKER_24]: Absolutely nothing!
[SPEAKER_24]: No, no, no.
[SPEAKER_24]: We have to give him something.
[SPEAKER_24]: Air.
[SPEAKER_11]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_24]: We'll send you some air.
[SPEAKER_10]: and in first place tonight, the one, the only, Dork!
[SPEAKER_25]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_25]: With two and a half points.
[SPEAKER_25]: I think that Dork's our highest score.
[SPEAKER_07]: And as your prize, you get nothing!
[SPEAKER_25]: Absolutely nothing!
[SPEAKER_25]: You lose.
[SPEAKER_25]: Do not pass go.
[SPEAKER_25]: Do not collect $200 and go directly to jail.
[SPEAKER_25]: Good day, sir.
[SPEAKER_07]: You get bragging rights, my friend.
[SPEAKER_07]: Turn off the damn music.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_24]: But not...
[SPEAKER_24]: He's actually, I think he's our high score.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think once we had three points.
[SPEAKER_24]: That was Puppy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Puppy, I think, got a three points.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was close.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, you got close once too.
[SPEAKER_24]: I was close because, you know what, I feel bad for Kyle, but it's not as bad as eating Jamie's nuts.
[SPEAKER_24]: If anybody remembers that, I'm like, what?
[SPEAKER_07]: Huh?
[SPEAKER_24]: Episode 22.
[SPEAKER_07]: My God, you are a living library of this damn show.
[SPEAKER_25]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_07]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_22]: He's our archivist.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dork, thanks for playing.
[SPEAKER_07]: But also, you do get a second prize for winning tonight, Dork.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know what that is?
[SPEAKER_07]: Air?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, you get hung up on.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_15]: Hey, I got a prize Dork could have.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, what's that?
[SPEAKER_15]: When I get home, he could spend like an hour in private instant message with me and I could disturb him and give him bad dreams and torment his mind to where he never wants to listen to LR again.
[SPEAKER_15]: All right.
[SPEAKER_15]: At least not while I'm on the show.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just find Dark Child.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Child, do you want to give out your email?
[SPEAKER_07]: No.
[SPEAKER_15]: My email is dchild999, that's spelled D-C-H-Y-L-D-E, 999 at yahoo.com.
[SPEAKER_22]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was so mean when I did the dork, but it was hilarious at the same time.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's because we love you.
[SPEAKER_07]: We do love dork, but we love Kyle too.
[SPEAKER_07]: We love Kyle too.
[SPEAKER_07]: In fact, don't we have like a Kyle remix on your computer?
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, as a treat to Kyle for coming in second place, we will play one second of one of his remixes.
[SPEAKER_07]: So here it is, one second.
[SPEAKER_14]: Play the whole song.
[SPEAKER_07]: We get one second because we're running out of show.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here it is, one second.
[SPEAKER_07]: There it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: There it is, one second.
[SPEAKER_07]: There it was.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, maybe we'll play the full thing on a later day when we have more time.
[SPEAKER_24]: That was kind of like almost having a laryngism.
[SPEAKER_15]: It was a great drumroll.
[SPEAKER_15]: It was great.
[SPEAKER_15]: You know, Poto, that's okay if you fill it with spam, because that is my spam email address.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: The chatroom is demanding a reverse cage match in the near future.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to have to do one of those.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was going to mention, since he was mentioning disturbing stuff, I'm building my device this week.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, you're going to contact the dead.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: I have to use that magnet wire for something.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm glad I won't be here for that show.
[SPEAKER_26]: Isn't that like that movie Prince of Darkness?
[SPEAKER_08]: Huh?
[SPEAKER_26]: Do you remember that movie?
[SPEAKER_08]: No.
[SPEAKER_26]: No?
[SPEAKER_26]: I gotta get that.
[SPEAKER_26]: Prince of Darkness.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's like another talking to the dead.
[SPEAKER_24]: Actually, we're talking to the future or something.
[SPEAKER_24]: He can listen to the dead and hear them talk shit about him.
[SPEAKER_15]: Can I help you test your machine, Loki?
[SPEAKER_15]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_15]: I mean,
[SPEAKER_15]: I could go into the next world and try and talk to you back.
[SPEAKER_24]: We need to do our FUs because we haven't done those.
[SPEAKER_24]: And we are running on a limited schedule.
[SPEAKER_07]: I agree.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're not going to take a break.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to go right into tonight's FUs.
[SPEAKER_07]: So go ahead and send those over private message to Sky in the chat room.
[SPEAKER_07]: Please keep them short.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have lots of people that want to get read tonight.
[SPEAKER_07]: So keep them short or you're not getting read.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, here we go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Jamie, why do we do the FUs of the Week here?
[SPEAKER_20]: Because we're full of angst.
[SPEAKER_24]: My first FU of the Week goes towards the several number of people who tried to run me off the road today.
[SPEAKER_24]: Also to...
[SPEAKER_24]: You know what, I don't have a problem with old people usually, but I have a problem with them driving when they drive 30 miles under the speed limit, and that is not an exaggeration.
[SPEAKER_24]: They were, it was a freaking 50 mile, no, they were driving 25 under the speed limit, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_24]: They were creeping down the road.
[SPEAKER_24]: This is like, slow.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's annoying, let alone dangerous.
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, another...
[SPEAKER_24]: Another FU goes to, uh, me not being able to get my laptop so soon.
[SPEAKER_24]: But then again, I'm doing the responsible thing, you know.
[SPEAKER_24]: Um, finally got the AC fixed in my apartment.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_24]: So I retract my FU to the apartment managers.
[SPEAKER_24]: Although we nearly withheld our rent because of that.
[SPEAKER_24]: Um, another FU goes to my arms for hurting so freaking bad right now.
[SPEAKER_24]: But, you know, that'll be over in a couple days.
[SPEAKER_24]: Um,
[SPEAKER_24]: Really, I'm not as full of the angst as I was just because I have AC in my house now.
[SPEAKER_26]: Very good.
[SPEAKER_24]: And the weather's cooling off.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's supposed to be in the 70s this upcoming week.
[SPEAKER_24]: No way!
[SPEAKER_24]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, another F you goes to Hurricane Ivan for existing.
[SPEAKER_24]: And, of course, it's going to be heading right on toward my family.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, sometimes we have to deal with Mother Nature.
[SPEAKER_24]: And I have another one, but it's very vague.
[SPEAKER_24]: People have been bringing up obscure stuff that's sort of making me scratch my head lately.
[SPEAKER_24]: Not like bad obscure things, but just like things I'm like, uh, uh, regarding, you know?
[SPEAKER_24]: Like, it happens at work, it happens at home.
[SPEAKER_24]: And you know what?
[SPEAKER_24]: If you're going to bring up an obscure reference, make sure I know what the fuck the reference is before you bring it up.
[SPEAKER_24]: Dan said something the other day that just, I was like, what?
[SPEAKER_24]: And so, yeah, it's on.
[SPEAKER_24]: So, that's it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, let's move on to the ever-so-loving Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: Um, yeah, fuck you to Benihana's, because I wanted to go eat there at that establishment on my birthday, but, um, they said, okay, so first we had to, you know, they said make a reservation.
[SPEAKER_08]: The earliest time they had was nine.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was like, fuck that, I don't want to eat at nine, I want to eat at six.
[SPEAKER_08]: So they're like, fine, come on down, and you'll just have to wait.
[SPEAKER_08]: You'll have to wait a few minutes or whatever to get in there.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was like, yeah, that's fine, it's a Saturday, you have to wait everywhere.
[SPEAKER_08]: So we went in there, we're like, yeah, we want a table for six people.
[SPEAKER_08]: So how long is it going to be?
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, nine, ten.
[SPEAKER_08]: So fuck them for wasting my time, for telling me that I had to wait three hours for a fucking table.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, yeah, that fucking sucks.
[SPEAKER_08]: and, um, I don't know, that's pretty much all I have is, uh, just Benihana because they pissed me off.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, and, um, I just hope I don't get killed by a tree falling over outside because there's an awful lot of them.
[SPEAKER_08]: They're just, limbs are falling off.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm keeping it short.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, they get worse.
[SPEAKER_07]: My turn, and I would like to give an FU to my dad's laptop that he just got from my brother.
[SPEAKER_07]: The piece of shit doesn't work.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was so excited because my dad was like, Sure, son!
[SPEAKER_07]: You can take this laptop to Pennsylvania with you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just don't put any pornography on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's my dad.
[SPEAKER_07]: He sounds like one of the Muppets.
[SPEAKER_07]: But... He... Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: He said I could take his laptop, but I had to just install Windows on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, I know how to install Windows on a machine.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, Windows wouldn't install on this machine because the fucking hard drive was broken.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it would only recognize that there was a hard drive in there with a size of 16 kilobytes.
[SPEAKER_24]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: What?
[SPEAKER_24]: Too bad you didn't talk to Julie.
[SPEAKER_24]: Because she's had that same problem before and got Windows loaded up by doing it through network.
[SPEAKER_24]: God damn it!
[SPEAKER_07]: It's alright, that thing didn't have a network adapter on it and I didn't feel like buying one, so... Fuck the laptop!
[SPEAKER_07]: and fuck the fact that I will have no way of communicating with my friends back home.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have a cell phone and everybody better call me after 6 o'clock your time.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'll be updating my photo blog lots and lots from Philadelphia.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not Philadelphia, but Allentown where I'm going.
[SPEAKER_07]: And a preemptive FU to the New Jersey DDR crowd because they will all be better than me, I'm sure.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, seriously, I was looking at some of the DDR pictures on Freak and stuff, and I'm kind of scared.
[SPEAKER_07]: I hope people don't expect me to be good at DDR just because I have this show.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's move on to Darkchild.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dare I let him have a chance?
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm going to try and keep it short.
[SPEAKER_15]: I mean, there's still the usual fuck yous to basically the entire White House staff right now in Bush.
[SPEAKER_15]: But fuck you to my back for not being better because I can't do shit with an injured back.
[SPEAKER_15]: No one wants to hire me because I'm either a liability or can't lift shit.
[SPEAKER_15]: Fuck you to Workman's Comp for not giving me any money.
[SPEAKER_15]: Fuck you to the laws that are in place right now because they fuck over victims.
[SPEAKER_15]: Fuck you to Sack PD for not responding when my car was broken into.
[SPEAKER_15]: Fuck you to the bastards who broke into my car and stole my stereo.
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm a poor bitch just like you guys are, so please don't steal from me.
[SPEAKER_15]: And a big fuck you to all those French haters right now that keep talking shit about, oh, France this, France fucking this, wasn't saving their ass in World War I and II good enough for them.
[SPEAKER_15]: People tend to forget that when we were trying to get away from England way back when, that the French came and saved our asses.
[SPEAKER_24]: Doesn't anybody pay attention in school?
[SPEAKER_15]: Long time ago.
[SPEAKER_15]: I just hate people who bash the French just because they don't want to go into this war.
[SPEAKER_15]: I think this war is stupid.
[SPEAKER_15]: I think the French made a good call, but, uh, I'd like to order some Freedom Fries, please.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'd like to bash the French for being smelly.
[SPEAKER_15]: See, that's alright, because they do smell a little bit.
[SPEAKER_15]: But, I mean, don't talk shit like, oh, we saved their ass in World War II.
[SPEAKER_15]: Wasn't that good enough for them?
[SPEAKER_15]: Why can't they help us?
[SPEAKER_15]: Why are they talking shit?
[SPEAKER_15]: It's because Bush fucking sucks.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's another thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: We didn't do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Your daddies and granddaddies who were in the military did it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or whatever.
[SPEAKER_15]: And, uh, yeah, I hate Republicans, and
[SPEAKER_15]: I hate Democrats too.
[SPEAKER_15]: I hate third party now too.
[SPEAKER_15]: Fuck you to Nader or whatever his name is because his campaign now is trying to get Bush re-elected instead of trying to get him elected president.
[SPEAKER_15]: What kind of presidential campaign is that?
[SPEAKER_15]: Trying to get someone else elected president.
[SPEAKER_15]: I hate all politics.
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm non-partisan in case you guys are wondering.
[SPEAKER_15]: I don't belong to any party.
[SPEAKER_15]: Fuck them all.
[SPEAKER_15]: You should start that, the fuck them all party.
[SPEAKER_24]: I usually vote for the Radical Meadow Party for Bill the Cat and Opus.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Alcoholic.
[SPEAKER_24]: I just want to say fuck you to Comcast again.
[SPEAKER_24]: No, wait.
[SPEAKER_24]: No, SBC.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_24]: SBC.
[SPEAKER_24]: Actually, Comcast didn't do too bad this week.
[SPEAKER_24]: SBC has been calling us incessantly, telling us that we should get SBC DSL.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's just as good as cable, right?
[SPEAKER_24]: It's cheaper than cable internet.
[SPEAKER_24]: So we finally gave in and said okay, because they told us we do have service in our area.
[SPEAKER_24]: Then they told us we don't have service in our area.
[SPEAKER_24]: Then they called us back again and told us we do have service in our area, and had us actually sign up this time.
[SPEAKER_15]: And then they had somebody almost out to give us all our service and everything And then they called back again and told us we don't have service in the area So they just gave us a run around I just have to jump in on this one because Anita doesn't know all of it They actually called, told me it was available Called a week later, not available Called, it was available A week later, not available Called, it was available Called again, a couple days later, not available Called again, it was available I had her triple check it on the phone
[SPEAKER_15]: She said it was available, so I signed up.
[SPEAKER_15]: So it was like three or four times they called to tell me it was available, then not available in my area.
[SPEAKER_15]: Fucking get your facts straight.
[SPEAKER_24]: Did I be writing a letter to the Better Business Bureau?
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, something's gotta be done.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's crazy.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, DDR Angel, your FUs.
[SPEAKER_24]: Alright, people have been keeping tabs on my lab journal for those people that, you know, are on it, on my friends list and stuff.
[SPEAKER_24]: You guys know where this is coming from.
[SPEAKER_24]: Big fat fucking FU to Hurricane Ivan.
[SPEAKER_24]: I got family back there, you know, my flesh and blood, well not really mine, but I mean my brother's baby, and his wife back there, you know, I'm praying to somebody upstairs that they are still alive, I have not been able to contact them, and you know what, just a big F you to that, seriously, you know, that's it, and I'm not, I'm trying real hard not to get choked up here, but anyway, you know, big fucking F you to that, big F you to Andrew's
[SPEAKER_24]: Work, because they haven't paid him yet, and he needs to get paid.
[SPEAKER_24]: So you know what?
[SPEAKER_24]: Put that check in the mail.
[SPEAKER_24]: And please say Comcast isn't going to screw me this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's get to our chatroom FUs, and God, hopefully it gets them off politics, because that's all they're talking about right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're not a political show!
[SPEAKER_07]: God.
[SPEAKER_07]: Tell dick and fart jokes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sigh.
[SPEAKER_07]: Fuck you to myself for not going to JTAF this weekend because I did really want to go, but I just had other shit come up, so I didn't go.
[SPEAKER_07]: I wanted to add that in there.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was myself.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Knight says, Quick FU, FU to the NASCAR races and the awful traffic that ensues after that race, but on a side note, I did get to go to one of the races that weekend for free.
[SPEAKER_07]: VXJasonXV says, FU to vehicles when they don't start.
[SPEAKER_07]: That happened to my friend this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: John Field says, F you to my laptop.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyone got some TNT?
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to blow it up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also, F you to whoever destroyed 2.5 miles of North Korea.
[SPEAKER_07]: We don't need a nuclear war right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Karma Titan says, F you to Bill Gates because your goddamn Windows XP Pro has shitty shit shit shit that sucks out bandwidth, you shit shit whore.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry, edit Bill Gates, replace Microsoft with Bill Gates.
[SPEAKER_07]: And F you to Latinos.
[SPEAKER_07]: What's his ASA?
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess he has something to say about that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dork says F you to Sky for hanging up on me like such a bitch.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kisses.
[SPEAKER_19]: What?
[SPEAKER_05]: What did you say, Anita?
[SPEAKER_07]: Then go pee.
[SPEAKER_15]: Attention, Anita has got to pee.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, Rychan.
[SPEAKER_07]: F you to Adelphia Cable for continually dicking us around for almost a week.
[SPEAKER_07]: F you to my brother for continuing to use my parents even though he's living on his own.
[SPEAKER_07]: Misty says, F today for having to end.
[SPEAKER_07]: Being lazy without getting bitched out about it kicks ass.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sigurd says, F you to the damn chatroom for picking the wrong song in Cage Match.
[SPEAKER_07]: No offense, Jamie, I heart you, but it's Echo Image and they are possibly fourth on my music gods list.
[SPEAKER_07]: An F you to my car.
[SPEAKER_07]: I feel like I'm playing Mario Kart in one of the ice stages every time I drive it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nince says F you to the remains of Hurricane Francis.
[SPEAKER_07]: We got tons of rain here on Thursday and there was lots of flooding.
[SPEAKER_07]: F you to my job.
[SPEAKER_07]: My boss has gotten to the point of not telling me what actual time I'll be working until five minutes before I punch out.
[SPEAKER_07]: F you to some of the people I have to work with.
[SPEAKER_07]: I swear one of them needs to ride the short bus and another is a hypocritical ass.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yes, F you to the general population of the US.
[SPEAKER_07]: I swear I'm moving to Canada if Bush gets re-elected.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've heard a lot of people say that.
[SPEAKER_07]: That would be very interesting if that happened.
[SPEAKER_07]: Zaku says, my F yous for the week.
[SPEAKER_07]: FU to our government for not catching Osama Bin Laden.
[SPEAKER_07]: FU to me not having a song or routine for the major DDR Nationals tourney in New York City next month.
[SPEAKER_07]: FU to State University of New York's University Police for being dicks and shutting down unregistered parties this weekend at my campus.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sky, the second FU is a freestyle routine.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just making a note of that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, you got it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Jazz says, FU to my mom's driving.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've never seen someone break so many road laws so quickly in my life.
[SPEAKER_07]: Silent Ben says, hints about what's going on on Friday.
[SPEAKER_07]: I thought it was an FU.
[SPEAKER_07]: Esko says, FU to all the telemarketers calling recently.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have a new strategy, though.
[SPEAKER_07]: Skype me to check it out.
[SPEAKER_24]: No, I actually, can I make a mention?
[SPEAKER_07]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_24]: Whenever a telemarketer calls you, tell them to opt you out.
[SPEAKER_24]: Under federal law, they actually have to take off their dialogue.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have to admit, even though he's already been on the show once tonight, I'm just too damn curious on what the hell's going on with this telemarketer thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: We have a telemarketer that keeps calling us, too.
[SPEAKER_15]: See, with telemarketers, I think you should just say, Oh, hang on, let me get the person in charge of the account.
[SPEAKER_15]: And just set the phone down and leave it.
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm going to see if it picks up.
[SPEAKER_05]: God damn it, answer your phone.
[SPEAKER_15]: Ring, ring.
[SPEAKER_05]: He said Skype him.
[SPEAKER_05]: Here I am.
[SPEAKER_10]: Hello?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello, sir!
[SPEAKER_07]: Would you like to take our survey?
[SPEAKER_10]: Uh, um, uh, sure.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, seriously, what's your strategy for telemarketers?
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, I was trying it.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was trying it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, I had, like, a whole thing... Sky, you ruined it all.
[SPEAKER_07]: Goddammit!
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: Rewind.
[SPEAKER_09]: Ruined it all up, Sky!
[SPEAKER_07]: Would you like to take a survey?
[SPEAKER_09]: I had the band ready.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, you were supposed to do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: What the hell's going on?
[SPEAKER_09]: Are you happy, Sky?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's yelling?
[SPEAKER_07]: What the hell?
[SPEAKER_07]: What's the strategy?
[SPEAKER_07]: Tell me the strategy.
[SPEAKER_24]: What is the Matrix?
[SPEAKER_07]: Excuse me?
[SPEAKER_10]: What is the strategy?
[SPEAKER_24]: What is the Matrix?
[SPEAKER_10]: The Matrix?
[SPEAKER_10]: Or the strategy?
[SPEAKER_10]: Um... You know, I've completely forgotten what it was after all.
[SPEAKER_10]: But you know what?
[SPEAKER_10]: It doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_10]: It's all about spontaneity.
[SPEAKER_32]: So... Yeah.
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm hanging up on you.
[SPEAKER_15]: I think he's just a Skype whore.
[SPEAKER_15]: I think he is too.
[SPEAKER_15]: He just wants to be on Skype as much as possible.
[SPEAKER_15]: You Skype whore, you need to go to Skypers Anonymous.
[SPEAKER_15]: Get some treatment, because you have a major Skype problem.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just wanted to hang up on somebody else, so Dork doesn't feel so bad, so I hung up on him.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess I fucked that up.
[SPEAKER_07]: My bad.
[SPEAKER_15]: Is that all the FUs?
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess so.
[SPEAKER_15]: That was all the FUs.
[SPEAKER_25]: Hey.
[SPEAKER_15]: Okay, I got two more real quick ones.
[SPEAKER_15]: Oh, Jesus.
[SPEAKER_15]: What?
[SPEAKER_15]: Fuck you to George Lucas for when he releases his next Star Wars on DVD, the trilogy.
[SPEAKER_15]: He made some changes again.
[SPEAKER_15]: You know, he needs to learn to keep the movies the way they were.
[SPEAKER_15]: They're classics for a reason.
[SPEAKER_15]: and then my other fuck you I kind of forgot.
[SPEAKER_15]: So, fuck you to forgetting my fuck you.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think we will take a really quick break and then we're going to come back and wrap up this show.
[SPEAKER_24]: Wait, wait, wait, Rob.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or do you want to just do some Ask Orange Launch here real fast?
[SPEAKER_24]: I was going to ask Loki something real quick on air.
[SPEAKER_24]: Alright, if anybody's a Star Wars fan out there, Lucas has announced 7, 8, 9 Star Wars.
[SPEAKER_24]: Episode 7, 8, and 9 So I don't know if Loki's heard about that or not Does Loki even like Star Wars?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't really care, actually Yeah, I don't like him either, so Hey, I thought it was just nice to bring up, I don't know Nah, it's alright Alright, let's see I want to prank call people Hold on, I'm going to call somebody who's not listening to our show We're being old school There's somebody on the list that's not listening to this show And I want to call them and find out why
[SPEAKER_07]: Hold on, I'm going to see if he even picks up.
[SPEAKER_15]: Let me telemarket him.
[SPEAKER_32]: Hello?
[SPEAKER_11]: Yes?
[SPEAKER_07]: Why aren't you listening to the show?
[SPEAKER_11]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_24]: Who is this?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's Unknown Gamer, our old pal.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why aren't you listening?
[SPEAKER_07]: You're making us sad.
[SPEAKER_11]: Oh, because I'm a little sick right now, and you guys are a little too much for me when I'm sick.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I'm sorry, bud.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, we didn't mean to disturb you.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, you go... Were you sleeping?
[SPEAKER_10]: Kinda.
[SPEAKER_06]: God, I feel like a real dick now.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hugs and kisses from us to you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Feel better.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm cold.
[SPEAKER_07]: God, we're bastards.
[SPEAKER_05]: If I didn't want to get called, I'd turn the damn thing off.
[SPEAKER_24]: Turn on your computer answering machine.
[SPEAKER_24]: I feel like a dick.
[SPEAKER_05]: What?
[SPEAKER_24]: What?
[SPEAKER_07]: What?
[SPEAKER_07]: Of course the whole chat room is going, Sky got owned, oh my god you're so mean Rob, Rob is evil, prank call me.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's not a prank call if you expect it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it wasn't a prank call, we just, you know.
[SPEAKER_07]: We announced who we were.
[SPEAKER_07]: We said what we wanted.
[SPEAKER_24]: Do you have a Seymour, Seymour Buds?
[SPEAKER_24]: I want a Seymour Buds!
[SPEAKER_15]: I'm looking for Oliver, last name, close off.
[SPEAKER_24]: You want to know what?
[SPEAKER_15]: What?
[SPEAKER_24]: I knew somebody in high school named Benjamin Dover.
[SPEAKER_15]: I knew someone named Peter Spank.
[SPEAKER_15]: His middle name was Martin, so his initials were PMS.
[SPEAKER_24]: That's funny.
[SPEAKER_15]: You know his parents did that intentionally.
[SPEAKER_24]: I knew someone named Bendover.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dead air.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it's time to put the nail in the coffin of this train wreck of a show.
[SPEAKER_15]: Well, you know, I could have just filled up dead air with more fuck you.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's all right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's go ahead.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_24]: Hi, Unknown Gamer!
[SPEAKER_06]: Our bestest friend in the whole wide world who's come to bit us out, I'm sure.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, that's okay.
[SPEAKER_24]: You can lash out just like everybody else in the chat room did.
[SPEAKER_15]: Hey, Unknown Gamer.
[SPEAKER_24]: They got your back.
[SPEAKER_15]: Unknown Gamer, if you were asleep, how'd you answer your computer?
[SPEAKER_24]: He sounded kind of asleep.
[SPEAKER_24]: I think he was getting busy.
[SPEAKER_06]: I know, I totally think we interrupted sex.
[SPEAKER_24]: We interrupted some hot niggas.
[SPEAKER_15]: Hey, if I was getting some, I would not answer Skype.
[SPEAKER_15]: Or if I answer it, I just answer it and leave it off the hook.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: God.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, we're so rude.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, let's finish up the show and get our final thoughts.
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Child, your final thought.
[SPEAKER_15]: Republicans suck more than any political party.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anita, DD Arcaholic.
[SPEAKER_26]: I have a hackathon and he's cute.
[SPEAKER_10]: Angel.
[SPEAKER_24]: Um, Ivan can suck it.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_24]: I can't stress that enough.
[SPEAKER_07]: and, uh, Loki, your final thought.
[SPEAKER_08]: I need to find a good LCD screen for my portable computer.
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh, DarkSakura, your final thought.
[SPEAKER_07]: And my final thought is UnknownGamer is my bestest friend in the whole wide world.
[SPEAKER_07]: I love him so much.
[SPEAKER_07]: Don't kill me.
[SPEAKER_07]: And, um,
[SPEAKER_07]: Dark Child, the final word of tonight's show, please.
[SPEAKER_07]: Analingus.
[SPEAKER_04]: And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
[SPEAKER_30]: Code Z, Code Z, 1, 2, 1, 2 Code Z, 1, 2, 1, 2 Code Z, Code Z, 1, 2, 1, 2 Code Z, 1, 2, 1, 2 These people, these people, these people try to fade These people, these people, these people try to fade These people, these people, these people try to fade These people try to fade me
[SPEAKER_31]: I get busy.
[SPEAKER_31]: Coach Z's got money, but not much.
Coach Z's got money, but not much.
I could use a dollar.
I could use a couple bucks.
I'm so old school.
One, two, one, two.
They tore the school down.
[SPEAKER_31]: Where my lasers at?
[SPEAKER_31]: Where my lasers at, y'all?
[SPEAKER_31]: All the people tried to tell me where my lasers at.
[SPEAKER_31]: And your mother tried to show me all the laser crabs.
[SPEAKER_31]: And I got a bunch of types of the laser that.
[SPEAKER_31]: I got the grown-up beat I got the grown-up beat These people, these people, these people start to fade I can flow, I can freak
[SPEAKER_31]: I can freaking flow at the same time.
[SPEAKER_04]: Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
[SPEAKER_07]: Orange Lounge Radio Afterbirth In Process
[SPEAKER_07]: One day we'll look back on this and laugh.
[SPEAKER_07]: But in the meantime, I'm going out of state tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_22]: No worries.
[SPEAKER_07]: So who cares?
[SPEAKER_24]: I just thought of something.
[SPEAKER_07]: What?
[SPEAKER_24]: Pennsylvania's near the coast.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kind of.
[SPEAKER_24]: Ouch.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh shit, one of my fellow DJs is going to be in trouble too then.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm not too worried about that hurricane thingy, whatever, because I don't think it really floods where I'm at, and I'll be on the second floor of the hotel anyway.
[SPEAKER_24]: It's Pennsylvania.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll be okay.
[SPEAKER_24]: Of course, you're just going to get the rain part of it, I think.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wowie wow, I don't know what else to say during the afterbirth.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why don't you tell us, you were just talking to us during the break while the credits were rolling there.
[SPEAKER_07]: You were telling us, D.R.
[SPEAKER_07]: Golic, about a club you were forming and a poll you were doing.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to hear more about this.
[SPEAKER_07]: Tell our listeners about this because there might be other people interested.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, well, my live journal earlier this week, actually I think it started last week, I put up a poll with two questions about Street Fighter, the Japanese movie.
[SPEAKER_24]: First question was, have you seen Street Fighter?
[SPEAKER_24]: And the second question was, do you know who Sonny Chiba, or what do you think about Sonny Chiba?
[SPEAKER_24]: So, Street Fighter is a movie that came out back in the 70s, it was either 1973 or 74, starring Sonny Chiba, who's a very big martial arts actor in Asian circles and overseas.
[SPEAKER_24]: He's just now starting to become fairly popular here because of Kill Bill, and he's
[SPEAKER_18]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, he's an amazing actor.
[SPEAKER_24]: He's an excellent martial artist.
[SPEAKER_24]: He's well trained in martial arts.
[SPEAKER_26]: And I just saw Street Fighter two weeks ago and it was just a trip.
[SPEAKER_26]: I loved it.
[SPEAKER_26]: And I just wanted to share that with people.
[SPEAKER_26]: I wanted to see if other people might be interested.
[SPEAKER_26]: I wanted to watch it.
[SPEAKER_26]: And I would totally, if I could, and I had the know-how, I would totally start a Sonny Chiba fan club.
[SPEAKER_07]: You could always start one on the internet.
[SPEAKER_26]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_26]: I've started to look to see if there is one.
[SPEAKER_26]: I don't see there's any one.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's what the internet's for.
[SPEAKER_07]: Pornography and fan clubs.
[SPEAKER_26]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_26]: I've found a fan listing.
[SPEAKER_07]: We have the advantage of being a little bit of both, actually.
[SPEAKER_26]: A little bit of both?
[SPEAKER_07]: Here at Orange Sounds Radio, we are a fan club and a little bit of pornography.
[SPEAKER_22]: Oh, that's...
[SPEAKER_24]: Weird, but it's true.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is true.
[SPEAKER_24]: Sadly true.
[SPEAKER_24]: So, anybody out there have any words for Street Fighter or Sonny Chiba?
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, we're looking at his chat room.
[SPEAKER_24]: Dude, he's so hot.
[SPEAKER_26]: How about, if you like ninja movies, he has been in some of the best ninja productions ever.
[SPEAKER_24]: I wanted to see the TV series he did.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah, the Kagen no Gundan.
[SPEAKER_24]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, I love it.
[SPEAKER_24]: I love it so much.
[SPEAKER_24]: By the way, if we ever get to do that, I'll watch it.
[SPEAKER_24]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_24]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_24]: I need to find something that's going to poke a hole in my belt.
[SPEAKER_24]: I don't want to go spend 20 bucks on a new belt.
[SPEAKER_24]: Ice pick.
[SPEAKER_24]: Do you have an ice pick?
[SPEAKER_24]: Just don't use a penknife.
[SPEAKER_24]: I've heard really bad stories about that one.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, I'm going home.
[SPEAKER_24]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, no.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, we have to say bye-bye.
[SPEAKER_24]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_07]: and I'm going to miss you guys while I'm gone again.
[SPEAKER_07]: Keep in touch.
[SPEAKER_24]: I'll take very good care of your Silent Hill 4 for you.
[SPEAKER_07]: For the love of God, don't ruin the show next week.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm just kidding.
[SPEAKER_24]: We'll miss you too, Rob.
[SPEAKER_07]: You guys coming back next week for the show?
[SPEAKER_07]: Because DarkSakura and Loki need some people.
[SPEAKER_24]: Okay, somebody has to kidnap me then.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_24]: We'll be here then.
[SPEAKER_24]: These people try to save me.
[SPEAKER_24]: Huh?
[SPEAKER_24]: Who?
[SPEAKER_24]: Nothing.
[SPEAKER_24]: You were listening to the fortune cookie then.
[SPEAKER_24]: Oh, no, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_24]: Went over my head a little there.
[SPEAKER_24]: Well, not many things do.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Those of you guys in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, look out, because I'm coming.
[SPEAKER_07]: I like to play DDR.
[SPEAKER_19]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: Post-show, commercial-free, but wanting music and more.
[SPEAKER_07]: Have a good one, you guys.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks for tuning into and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_25]: Bye-bye.
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_19]: And the heat of the night, the night And the heat of the night, the night Why did our feelings die of action When we fought with satisfaction But our hearts and hearts always saved me
[SPEAKER_19]: Thank you for watching!
And the heat of the night And the heat of the night
[SPEAKER_20]: Thank you for watching.
[SPEAKER_19]: Thank you.
DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_19]: All tonight, I wish you All tonight, I wish you Could be here with me, but I won't see you Till you land back again Home and dry Home and dry
[SPEAKER_11]: We're going home We're going home